[Music]
you say you W try but Never do Sugar
there's a reason why we l you say you w
Cry but Never
Do there's a reason why?
[Music]
we
I don't know what you
want let's have a bit of fun till
iall My Love if you feel like I do right
now Don't Say on the Run to the other
Side My
Love You Say You W try But You Never
Do there's
[Applause]
[Music]
re
I don't know what you
have B
ofun My Love if you feel like I do right
now Don't Say on the to the
other
[Music]
my
you say you want to try but never knew sug
there's a reason why we l you say you w
Cry but Never
Do there's a reason why?
[Music]
we
I don't know what you
want let's have a bit of fun till I
downfall my love if you feel like do
right
now Don't Say You're on the Run to the
other
Side My
Love You Say You W try But You Never
do there's a
re
[Music]
we
you TR But You
Never there's a reason why we say you
You W Cry But You Never Do
There's A Reason Why
we like you be strong to Hold the Powers
of the
[Music]
son to Dream Believe in strength Now I'm
the only
one only
one
I was an
[Music]
ordinary until I the rules my
destroy
d until i W A Scream My
Mind the
shakes How much Can I take My Mind Will
break Will it
break Can I
[Music]
take Can I be your
superhero
[Music]
Can I be your
superhero
I surpass
[Music]
hero It's the First Time
today
today to Dream
Bel You are the strength You're all I
need
[Music]
need gna give it a Shot only one of Me
To shoot you all from the
enemy superhero
[Music]
superhero Can I be a
superhero
superhero Can I be your
[Music]
I have
ah
stranded in the
[Music]
Open dried out Tears of
sorrow laging all
emotion staring down the barrel waiting
for The Final cat to
Open to a New Tomorrow
[Music]
moving with
[Applause]
[Music]
emo the
light
[Music]
I have
eat
[Applause]
I want to feel your body of mine because I
cold weather you
[Music]
loer
eat
ha
[Music]
[Applause]
like a
[Music]
[Applause]
Hell
[Music]
[Applause]
fast to Hell
[Music]
I can't have my what I so s
like a
[Music]
hellcat
Well let's get to the mess we have today.
we have things
Hey, today we have some things, I don't know where
begin
Hey, today we have a topic. Well, I don't even know why.
where to start today eh I don't even know where
begin
Today, let's see what these people have put me here.
it is worth it to
see the explanations of
villin okay okay okay okay starts with
the beginning there is no more not what Win
michu my mother Win michu my son you
I'll take the thread apart for you in a moment, but in
a p I'm going to take it apart for you now in a p
I'm going to take it apart for you now, okay Javi.
Why are you so happy? Because
there is gossip and when there is gossip everyone
We are
happy
holes cried with laughter notes
musicals to see lamentable thread of
Win micho is a streaky mom is a
Wi michu's thread is a cry
to
See, thank you very much, my friend, because I don't know if
We will have a remedy. But anyway, let's go.
there
let's see everything
Okay, let's see everything, let's see.
I think that from here I think that from
here it is worth it, it is worth it
eh, there are going to be many excerpts of these
in the puny jail that I imagine that
Yes, we will divide it into each topic
because Sara has done a live show now
same 2 hours in which he has tried
in parts all not the context what
I speak to the lady
He has dedicated a part to Win Michu
Miare and his friends put me here
Editors then dedicated another part to it
Cheto then has it
dedicated another another another time a part to
all of them saying that it disgusts them
Well there have been several headlines I don't know
We'll upload the best one right away.
entered Auron Play has also had
a few words to see some headlines
that I caught from Sara's live
have been the following worth
villin cloth those who are talking cloth
that there is one who did not kill someone
miracle
Ok, Auron Play said they don't give a damn.
[ __ ] the lady would have had
worried they would have worried about
She has previously used this which is a
candy to fool someone
funarte to really see many of the
things they have said are worth many of the
things they have said are theories that I
I had okay let's start the live
With this we are going to start the live with
This and if you want we can extend it later
but when the time comes, I'm worth it
I put out a tweet this morning. Well this is it.
tomorrow was not yesterday yesterday before I went to
Sleep is worth it today, today we have a lot, many
Things to talk about Felipe, let's go
to talk at length but today
We have today we have fabric okay look at it
I'm going yesterday I posted the following tweet okay
Sara has gained almost 3,000 followers today
after this shabby attempt at cancellation
Win michu now ask yourself why this
It's no use with them and you're
how are you? a big hug
Well for me personally why I say
This is a lame attempt at cancellation.
It's a lame attempt at cancellation
because I've been through this
literally okay and I'm going to tell you
I'm going to tell you this clearly, clearly.
In this live I will explain the
Clarinet things, if you don't want them
understand it's not my fault anymore okay
Hey, the people who have cheered this on
funa against Sara villin is not because
empathize with the lady
Hey, there's someone here who thinks that
really the people who have given it to you
Sara's joke goes viral
Billin has been because they have a lot
empathy with the lady
and why and why and why they worry
They don't care about Jeremy's case.
[ __ ] to all those who to all those who
They have given this case virality to the
Funa and the Tet of Sar Villin first
that they don't give a [ __ ] about the child
Okay, as Auron has said, he already did.
I said it yesterday and now I'm going to tell you again.
to explain okay I say it in this
tweet It's a tool It's a It's a
theme It is a tool that they have taken
to whip villains without further ado are people
who have a grudge against villin or who
They have it saved for something that for the
seen it has already come to light we are going to
see now I don't think Win michu just
upload a thread where it is practically
thinks it has been very based and what
has done is acknowledge this tweet that
I am putting here that what it has
with Sara that what he has against Sara and
with Aurun it is because they have not collaborated
with them in trying to sink Dallas
I've been saying it for a long time without further ado.
days What they have with Sara and with Auron
It's because Sara and Auron haven't
participated in sinking Dallas and this
I know, but I know it because I know myself.
their modus operandi because I have
been in that group talking to them
a long time and when I've been there
They have told me about Auron when I have
been in that group they told me the
Auro's [ __ ] that
Auron could now support Win Michu and
make a video for him too and he doesn't do it
Well, get ready because they are going to leave
things about him, no, that's what they told me
and it's not that they told me, it's that they
I have it, it's not that they told me it's that
I have it in case they want to deny it to me.
I have
No, and I've been told things about Auron.
personal things that people think they are
things they think are things that
They can sink Auron Play I just can't
give data Because I am not going to violate
I'm not going into Auron's privacy here.
But they have started to violate me
tell me things that apparently a
Auron's ex-partner told but these are things
intimate of his
life and those things have happened to me
counted and casually in the last year
I have seen how on Win's Twitter
Michu made innuendos about these things
and I have everything saved in case I need it
They want to deny that I have seen how Win Michu
has hinted to Auron that you
You haven't noticed why they are about things
Auron's personal thoughts
They said that this would affect Auron.
came out And really yes yes yes yes someone
take that out, whoever took it out would look bad
because these are things that Auron does in his
everyday life as if I want to do it
It would be clear that it would give too many clues if
I say more, you said that a while ago
but because I have it Lady because it is
true and I have it saved I have
saved everything because I have been for years
keeping everything where they tell me
like when I happen to see myself later
Win michu's hints and they come for the
same side and they come from the same side
Ok then the modus operandi I have it
I know when I made the mistake
two years debating with Jacki about putting it on
an unfortunate example in a
debate in three days, not on the same day
Okay, do you remember what happened with Marta?
castle that you see that Marta's
Castle, for me, is a case that I experienced
closely who is my neighbor are my
neighbors the parents were my my neighbor she
In short, it was a case that in the neighborhood
lived you know So more empathy no
I can have And apart from that, as a father that I am
Well, the debate with Jacki was a
Friday my debate with Jacki was
trend Friday Saturday and Sunday
trending on Twitter my name is
Jacki and and and and nobody said anything about this
people and they knew it from the first
moment because in fact the lawyer of
they put it put a tweet about it
However, the topic went viral on Monday.
the case became a trend and became current affairs
from Marta del Castillo because it is
they filed it or reopened it with the thing about the
mobiles something like that and used what
I had said in that debate a few days ago
before I was just comparing
eh the fact of Searching had not
explained again I have videos
explaining what I was comparing
was that it is not illegal to send someone or
put up posters to look for someone
missing whether it is a dog or a woman
person okay eh it was a comparison
completely valid and that there was no lack of
I respect no one. Maybe my foras
Well, because such because it was in a
heated debate but they used that
to go to the
press point number one to throw myself
[ __ ] to me as they always do in the
press and point number two to announce
the provisional dismissal of a case
judicial that they have to in the end
It has been reopened and then they have not gone to
the press to announce that it was reopened
Okay, I mean, they didn't even care about anything.
Marta the castle nor what I said
about Marta the castle was used
as a weapon and this has been exactly what
same Exactly the same
same please no there are no limits me
I ask, there are no limits to the
Jeremy's mother the racist Twi of Vin
the twigs those are things that are 11 and
12 years old and everyone knows everything
The world knows it But it's not that I know it
everyone on social media knows it
They were the ones who were cheering yesterday
funa with wine that for me personally
personal opinion I am not saying that all the
funa is the responsibility of Win michu and
from Win michu's group but big man
part of it being spread and of it being
Jalee is one of them who has 3 million
of Twitter followers other than Win
michu yes Win michu started yesterday
share tweet where they were canceling
to Sara for the interview of the mother of
Jeremy white and bottled and never better
I was told what I was saying
going viral is as fast as it can
throw it at Auron and Sara and you can see a
Hey, maybe they have been able to get you
bother things of Auron and Sara then
you make a [ __ ] video and tell it instead
of messing around with the ind
You call directly and tell them but
Indiras taking advantage of Funa has not you
I didn't give a [ __ ] about the mother of
Jeremy if you had cared and you
I am very indignant about what Sara has done with
Jeremy's mother is fine, you don't have
Here is a photo with
her but you don't have a photo with
She and you are not going to meet her
open a business with auron
Play to eat with them and a thousand other things
with me to you at the moment that you
It matters all of Auron's past and
Sara is here and you have recognized her today in
your thread to you at the moment that you
It matters what Sara and Auron have done
in your past is here and uncle advice
personal advice whether it was part of
of how you are as a person of things
what have you done in the past Whether outside
part of your mistakes, your hypocrisy
how bad you've left Dallas already
apart from that you have taken a drift
and you have let yourself go you have let yourself go
carry in such a way that you have sunk your
race opens your eyes
wake up, you've sunk, you've sunk
let you
sink
Wake up
Wake up and think about what has happened
hit which key has
shocked no no people it's not that you don't
I want for your past Win michu that gives
same in quotes of course But to
you, you, they have taken things from you
past like Sara every 6 months
and you kept going and going and going thinking
a little bit What key did you hit?
so that you have let yourself be
hundan think a little that what a review
They hit you today on Twitch, what a mess
review that they gave you, son
mine is worth it
Look, these are the things that
Wim Michu has been liking since yesterday.
since yesterday eh Look if you believe
that in Sara's funa no no no this was
the first one who liked tweet
manipulated uncle Win michu this tweet is
edited this tweet is edited missing what
who is answering what about Sara
There are two tweets Sara has already acknowledged.
now we are going to now we are going to react to
your video But Sara has already told him no
He behaved well but now one thing is that
will not behave well okay just like
none of you who were on Twitter
at that time because uncle you talk to me and
You played in London with a guy who named you
to Marta the little one the worst nonsense of the
that these people have put here
Jeremy then you don't care.
that you don't care about that, you don't care
It matters what they have done to you, what they do to you
What matters is taking advantage of an opportunity
opportunists to throw this
people why not why don't you make a
video at another time Make a video for him
Look at the dirty tricks Sara has done to me.
and auron who sent to the back because not
You are capable because they can do it with you because
you have to take advantage when a person
is on the ground to give the last
Why don't you do it on your own?
just as you were very brave in 2017
When the whole mob was against
Dallas
Okay, they made the script for you, I quote that
the script is the script that you have
I have that it is the vog of
that one Why haven't you made a video
to Auron and Sara because you are not capable
because you know that they give you a
tweet you know that auron and Sara give you a
tweet or move a finger like that and you
They only bury you when you take advantage
someone is already there
sunken okay look at this tit to which this
tet that movista wismichu this tweet this
Sara's tweet is edited, what is missing is
Sara is answering this t ni
It's not even hers This isn't even hers
It's hers and these are answers that are not
we know A
What pure and simple manipulation like you
video of That's right
Come on, let's see everything that has happened.
given like Mira like H like Felipe uncle
like Felipe Win michu
dude, I mean, I don't believe you
you care what Sara has put and
auron in the past uncle Because if you have that
Would you mind this tweet from Felipe?
another tweet from Felipe this other tweet from
Felipe this other tweet from
Felipe, this Felipe tea doesn't matter to you.
Win michu, this Felipe tea doesn't matter to you.
Win michu vale This Felipe tea is not you
It matters Win michu this Felipe tea doesn't matter to you
Win matters
michu, this Felipe tea doesn't matter to you, Win
michu this my goodness, let's see
see it then Felipe's is fine but it is
They are giving likes to each other but
a very fake way uncle in a way
very false if by any chance Cheto
would give to make peace with Dallas Win
Michu would hate it too and I think I believe
that really was always already part of
that he has his share of the blame But to me
I get the feeling that in different
stages of his life Win Michu's hatred
towards Dallas has always been because it has
had someone by your side who has
pushed and has
lacking personality let's call it
personality let's call it
personality
Aelo Melo gives a kiss by giving a like to yo
melow Wi michu that we all know
It's better that the new kids don't know.
but we all know that yelo melow has you
put to fall from a donkey that freezes Melo
I couldn't see that you've joined
everyone then at the end but what ice Melo
He can't see you but he can see Melo.
I would suddenly make a video for you
telling you that you were a bad person and then
to enter jl lo
erased
man but now there is a video that
I uploaded it to the main channel and look what
I don't get involved in issues because I don't
I want to get into sensitive issues, okay?
But
Look at Win michu fully supporting
Felipe, we'll see about it later.
Felipe that Felipe has uploaded some
stories saying how good it is that he has
changed that yours from the past no
nothing's happening, touch your balls, eh, I mean
touch your
balls touch your balls
and regarding whether this is
people have moved the funa for me
They have clearly moved the funa uncle to me
I can't believe they are
banning Sara Villin and the channels
with whom these people talk to you
take out a video Watch this video Dallas and
Sara Villin's apologies, what were they?
those apologies let's see what it has to do with
you will see here, that is, if the viral topic
the one that everyone is talking about
internet now
same It's about villin about
Jeremy How is this channel your friend of
500 visits if it is not about if it does not talk about
Dallas how is it that the video that uploads
This is what it seems to me
impressive to me this is that this
I drop them
eggs or rather the topic is the topic is wine and
Why do you get into Dallas?
Well, very simple. Because look, 700, 600
1000 1000 800 very simple Then the
They have them producing there and let's not even talk about it.
let's not even talk about it
Ok This is the Win michu thread that
Let's go see Win Michu's thread
okay in response to Sara okay
good is
forum member, look how calm I am
without mentioning these people and without me
They mention me but it's just that I don't care
They will not let me nor will they ever let me in my life.
I think they don't mention me because we had
a trial that has been suspended we had
an upcoming trial and they have left the
multi-accounts stopped while it's worth it
But
Check this out What is a fake villin tweet
This is a literal gossiping forum member, eh?
a person who reported her because she put and
I have to go for the civilians at the moment
that something is confirmed because it put one
barbarity of my daughter I mean very
outraged by Jeremy's mother and her
My daughter said that I would go as a pro. Yes
that would give me money that I have to
sue for the right to honor for that reason
the moment that something else is confirmed to me
that you already know what it is but I had to
file a criminal complaint because they published
a lot of my things in which hotel
I didn't know what a tweet was worth.
fake a fake tweet and then there's
of
2020 of 2020 this multi-account that for
nothing is suspicious eh or so this
multi-account that appeared after
I would respond with something with certainty
Well, I'll tell you when I get there.
the moment in a year So I can tell you
counting is fine but there is this account that
It's about Javi Oliveira who for nothing
It is suspicious, it is worth the kani that is not
were you able to school the cprg graph and that
It is basically an account that is dedicated
to retweet everything that is compliments
a certain youtuber and retweet everything that
are insults towards Dallas and me and that
He watches over me and d to the extent that I
Right now here on the live stream I was wrong
and I say something and I delete it in a second and it's there
account has it because it is here every time
the nights recording myself and that coincidentally
share screenshots and interactions with
cane tillero is an account that is not
know who it is eh it's an account that for
nothing eh that doesn't smell at all it's a
note that it doesn't smell at all, eh, at all
It is suspicious and it is surely a
He says that he hides it very well and does not give it away.
no indications to think it is anyone
eh for nothing good because this account in
2020 starts tweeting from the forum
gossiping brings to light the past of
Sara on Twitter and ask for it
Sorry, this account is already on you.
confirming here that it was in the forum
gossiping in 2020 where it starts to
take things out
Sara is account on December 30th
2020 coinciding with the date on which
Sara becomes
famous
ok start good First here it is
posting a tweet in which he acknowledges that
the gossiping forum is the one that puts the
Sara's past goes
Okay, Dallas gets Sara to ask.
apologies for harassing and defaming
tweet of the time and confirms that it spreads
that spread disgusting photos like the
corpse of a baby Javi this is
wonderful in short take a look at the
account because the account is a fantasy
It's barely noticeable or suspicious or anything.
It could be any random eh
surely eh But coincidentally this
account was the first to release these
screenshots worth This thread of
you capture this thread of
catches if he got away once I think
Well, anyway, those of you who follow me have been doing it
You have been seeing this account for a while now.
of cane tillero long ago and many
things that I will surely tell you next year
that comes because it has been delayed a lot
but I'll tell you unless it gets fixed
Otherwise I will have no choice but to
tell everything well and with all the luxury of
details you understand but come on
eh It turns out It turns out that this
account that is the one that
suspiciously takes out everything are the same
captures are the same captures
than the ones he takes out of you today
nafay that nauter fley who are you
friend nauter fley who are you friends with
who do you talk to in short family for
me to me my suspicions my suspicions
are that the funa awin michu u the funa Win
michu la funa
abin taking advantage of what the
mother of
Jeremy taking advantage has been viralized and
galeada by the same group but if it is
But there is no one who has
supported the funa I saw that it is not that
circle if it is that if it is that it is very
sassy
everything but there is no one who doesn't
be that
circle that has made the viral
just funa no more then good
Hey, let me take a spin on Win Michu.
give Win Michu a spin
Why Sara is told about her past every 6 months
months and nothing happens to his career and
he is as he is better than he is
making a mistake It is not
Sara who maybe maybe the one who is
You are mistaken It's not Sara
Okay, these are things that I believe in
life is going to end okay I think
What's up, I think Win Michu would be
He on his own I think Win michu
if it were on his own and on his side he
there would have come a time when
I would have forgotten Dallas and everyone
would have taken his path and such I believe
If it were up to him he would have
forgotten to Dallas and Win michu Because
Well, because this has not given me time to
prepare more for the live but I
I have a lot of tweets where you are
interacting with the forum members themselves
directly and man it seems to me that
[ __ ] Think about it eh I'm already part of it I know
I know that they are cheering you on against me, that they are
you are constantly putting strikes
everything you want Win michu everything
that you want Win michu okay but but
give it a spin with the pillow that
you're better off making a mistake and they're
using that maybe they are using you
using and they are sinking you
you are better off
sinking I think so Win
Michu would have been alone for a long time
many years, many years, I believe that
Win
michu they would have forgotten about Dallas uncle
either
be literal eh or I mean I think that the
Dallas would have forgotten about him and his
Dallas and such
but he is very shameless. It's that I
You can't give it to me, you can tell it to him.
the versions to the people and it can be
You know what I'm telling you, let's read the
Win michu thread can tell you
people manipulated versions and moves
all he wants but not me
But not me. Why? Because I know.
things and because I have been and because I
I've seen how things work and
It's always the same pattern, you know what I mean?
and they have done things against me
mine very
similar things have been done against me
very similar too, you understand me
So eh Not me And besides that's what
I tell you. So they told me
personal things of auron Play that later
I have seen in hints that it has
thrown Win michu and Win michu you know it
when auron got sick with him
coronavirus Remember what you tweet and
your friend who tweets things that
I have it in audio that is telling me
counting other people and comes from the same
information but if there is no more yes
It's not that you understand me, then
They seem to me apart from apart from blows to the
air apart from blows to the air that do not
They serve no purpose that harms you
Uncle, you're the one who's sinking you
that you got along well with everyone
community uncle that the whole community you
I ate the eggs, uncle, before you said
that you said one thing and people
I put at your feet uncle ask yourself what it is
your fault and they are not things of the past
past uncle Who wasn't an [ __ ] in the
past
and I'm not calling you an [ __ ], I'm not
you are going to sue
Saniel I'm calling you an [ __ ] in
general no because it is that now they have
given by the demands because they also
have taught him something that he has never
fact is not worth the manipulations either
to make headlines about the lawsuit against him
has put to
Nauter passes the lawsuit that has been filed against him
I have already explained to Nauter, that is, it was
to get a headline in the press
completely in short if it is that it is
returning
as what it is we are not going to read the
thread let's read the thread
I wasn't going to comment any further
Personal michu, I have TT chos from yesterday and
the day before yesterday where the forum members of
gossiping they are telling you Wi michu
Take it all out, you know little things and them
you give
like and not from now but old too
from a while ago
year I live very calm and happy
currently away from the spotlight this this
is this
esu when you are saying I live very
calm and happy currently away
the focus is the same the same excuse
to convince oneself
You didn't talk to people
so that so that good that I don't
you wanted it there, no, Jacki told me that
Jacki told me I have the conversation
with Jacki not from Who wrote to her
so that I would be thrown out
London no that Chela that Chela
sailor no
eh Like when they threw me from the depths
and I said, "Well, that's it. It's okay."
Yes, I have more free time for gossip. No.
lie screwed me a lot if you have
a prepared story is going for you
well the number you are excited me
I even bought a complete new team
Now come in two days and tell me
kick out because the administration is
receiving pressure because this is what
same This is the same okay Win micho you
You are a person you have been looking for
fame since 2011 2012 arriote to Jos
monkey flowerbed to one flowerbed to the other yes yes
I have no problem, I have the
conversations with Jacki Jai to me
This person who is not Win michu
This person is giving me pressure because
super heavy md for you to throw
It's okay to make do with Jacki if Jai is there
lying
Okay, you don't like being anonymous.
You have always liked the fame that you
ask to feel very supported to have many
numbers the trends that tell you what
[ __ ] master that you are in short this that you are
You are not happy away from the spotlight
happy because within reason
After the slump, he still has enough to live
and I imagine that with the years that
He has been in the elite, he must have saved up.
But this person is talking about me
specifically and insulting me in front of me
100,000 people on Stream and I've already
silent for a long time Wi michu no
You have been silent for a long time and if
If you want, I can compile it and I can do it.
expose What happens is that people are not going to
understand indirect and direct meanings Okay
but you haven't been quiet for a long time
wismichu but not at all but not at all
sometimes in the salseria that
I recommend that you all subscribe
Well, I don't recommend it, I force you all.
I force everyone to subscribe to me
La Salsera channel, okay, I'm going up
newscasts almost every day in more than
On one occasion I took out Wi michu and threw it
auron Wi michu throws Sara you haven't
been quiet Win michu This is it
same one who always uses the same
strategy
ridiculous always uses I have not been
I'm not going to keep quiet anymore, no, no, no
you have never been silent you have never been silent
never And think a little uncle you don't have
nothing against Auro or against
Sara, what you have is that they are
They're biting you from behind
warming up the ear and what Sara has done
the cordial relations with Dallas that neither
she's not even going to be Sara's friend
Neither she nor Auron are going to be friends with
What Dallas has done is pass them
because what happened to them happened to them a while ago
decade and each one working on their own
on the platform
Don't worry, they're warming your ear
Uncle, they're warming your ear, don't you
They have done nothing. The only thing they have done is
not to get involved in sinking it just like when
When you were with Ingrid, you didn't
you wanted to get into things against Dallas
because you were calm to your content
and only threw only threw
no picks I mean they haven't done anything to you Win
Michu, they haven't done anything to you, it was you.
that Pin and Pin and Pin and I have it is
that I have it every time you've thrown one
I have it and there are some picks that are
for my taste very
very low losses what happens is that the
People don't know because they don't realize it
that the hints go to go to
Raul and man, start insinuating in the
another thread that also does it in this one
surely not that auron gives me one
interview for fear that I will go to
tell something about him but what the hell are you
you're saying uncle what
First, what the hell am I going to tell you?
Ral that I am going to sink
Ral dude if Ral was like me
that does not let a fly land on it
Ral's shoulder with a tweet sinks you
you, me and peterete
together How come I that Ral gives me one
interview for fear of me
auron
Play well, don't stop saying respect it
It is worth respecting it
Auron Play can be afraid of me Win
michu in case I tell something about him
but what thing What thing am I going to tell you?
First of all, I have nothing of him nor
I know nothing about
Luis, a kiss is the first thing I don't have
That power, that being realistic, let's go now
Could you have a picture of auron Play?
putting a corpse in the freezer that
I'm telling you it's Jai Oliveira, not a
auron play Okay and the second thing uncle
second that there is nothing like for
to remove it from the internet or to
ruin his career, dude, someone gets it
in the
head yes no no no no Hears anyone Ah
Forgive me, okay. Thanks for letting me know, okay.
Okay, because they are listening to the
headphones Sorry [ __ ] don't stop
send my email with things and things and things
Willy re the other one from the
motorcycle yes yes they are sending me they are sending me
commanding like the people of the
environment of people and their families
the people around Win Michu
sharing Win michu's twis no
there is one in particular that they are
sharing what it says
everyone canceled Win michu in their
day, so to speak, four
I want nonsense
[Music]
[Laughs]
my mother body
what was said on the subject of what
Win michu said in the other thread that
that Auron gave me the interview out of fear
It seems to me it seems to me even a
It's stupid for me to have to explain it to you.
that Auron Play could not have any
fear of a person like Javi Oliveira O
Imagine how silly it is that
simply because of logic
falls or simply by logic it is
falls point number one I have nothing
of Auro more than knowing something about what
of his life or something like that the car that
has some little thing about his partners and
your things well no I don't know it's not that it's not
that if I were to tell him something private
Auro is not only not that
would sink
Not only would it not sink it, it is
that they could tell me
sue So imagine that I count
something like that no I mean don't believe mantras in the
people
HM that you want to repeat over and over again
so that they may be true as the things that
you said of Dallas the tip of lerber the
lerb tip Damn but if you did one
half-hour video that was like a
ginob that you took out until the number of
dni You only needed to take it out
photograph of your birth my son and
there was still a tip of isce ver but yes
You accuse him of all the crimes that have occurred
and by
Oh my goodness, if you lacked it, you lacked it
Come on, you forgot to review the penal code
whole to see if he had anything left and
there was still a tip to go see there
mother
Mine we all have a past that we
we can repent more or less good for
here more or less in agreement because yes O
We have all had a past but neither
even so far away, that is, I can
regret things and be ashamed of
things I said in 2018 2019
You understand why I was more brutal, right?
It could be okay, it is a reality and the one who
Deny this, you are a cynic, the point is that
The worst thing Sara has done is not that
The worst thing Sara has done is like
Treat your loved ones wismichu me
They are being held responsible for having done four stupid things
Javi XD yes four nonsense DEA attentive to
what you are saying here is the worst thing that
What Sara has done is how she treats her loved ones
close managers, friends and even
couple what are you going to insinuate the same as
hinted the brother of
auron, that's where you're going to throw Win michu or
be aware
look then then we have to
worrying about Mental Health depends on
who
no how strong uncle how strong what
strong how strong
Hey, how strong
eh t vatel the thread uncle vate the thread
man, it's just that with these two
first t
Uncle, that's what they would say in the forum.
scoring eh No no
totally without going any further when you
apologized to Dallas this is here
confirming what the problem is
has in the third
tweet here is already confirming the
problem that has what it is and Dalas Dalas
dasas Dalas uncle uncle
michu forgets
Dallas uncle Dallas Dallas Dallas all your
life revolves around Dallas all your
friendships are around
Dallas dude, don't you look at yourself from the outside?
Uncle, you have been critical, you have been a
youtuber from de
criticisms uncle that Dallas has nothing
what to see in this
uncle controversy that is between Sara the mother
Jeremy's And why have you cheered and what
and you have helped this go viral and
Dallas and Dallas and Dallas I told you so
a while ago channels of these of the
pitiful that they speak with them and with him
environment instead of talking about villin are
talking about vi putting the face of
Dallas this Dallas will release a video
We are obviously no longer in agreement
that this week is going to be busy, right?
and Win michu will release a video I think
This is going to end with a Win video.
michu because awin michu they already are
cheering for a long time so that to stop
to destroy villin so that he destroys
to Auron to tell things about Auron
I have tweets, I have tweets and I have
things and I know and I
I know Win michu is going to end up doing it
a video by Aurora from Dallas Mira Win
michu the Dallas video and this
I will always maintain it because it is also
I have
I have audio evidence of people telling me
Shut up, don't mess things up, let's see if he goes away.
backtrack on other videos is fine
And I think it was the same with Win michu
But if Win Michu's video is
The Forum is the blog of one of its
friend, but there is no more to Vienna
Michu didn't have time to do it in two days.
collect what
He just collected it and there were people who
wio a video a video to a video and it
caught at a vulnerable moment in the
that everyone was giving him a hard time
because of the bottle and they took advantage of it
so that Win michu could finally make a
video to
Dallas is all about Dallas
revolves around the same people driving
things to destroy Dallas or rather it is
incredible guy how can auron have
afraid that you will cancel it and take it down if
Sadly, not even showing the truths of
Agustn people stopped seeing him but yes
I haven't canceled nor is Agustn going to uncle me
be afraid of me but if I don't
I have the capacity to denounce Agustn
I can make a video criticizing you.
and that there are people who agree with
my
video but from there to that I
have the ability for Auro to have me
fear, come on, that's already talking a lot
nonsense
incredible but where
I was going No, that's what it is that I find
Amazing guy and I find it worrying
very strong, so everything turns in the end
around Dallas again everything turns
the same people trying to attack
against Dallas And this is revenge
against Auron and against Sara because they don't know
have positioned themselves against not only
because they have not destroyed Dallas but
because they have made peace with Dallas
Uncle, let's see if you're here.
working on a
medium if you are working in a in a
the most logical thing is that it has
cordiality with people uncle sometime
He fights you and all that stuff but for himself
These are things of the past, what better not? Hey
Well, you on your side, I on mine, the thing about
We leave the past behind What's more
Nice that's what you do, man, you know how to forgive
that not having resentment, man, how is it possible?
Let seven not eight years pass.
less and the story continues uncle
In the end they are looking for the Dallas mouth
No, in the end, Dallas comes out clear, Dallas goes
to make a video of this
Surely without going any further he asked him
apologies to Dallas in a certain video where
She looks clearly nervous and
coerced vin was nervous yesterday
yesterday she was also in bad shape, she was
passing
fatal I mean if you had it if
you would have heard her speaking
on the phone yesterday morning it broke
Uncle Villain No, it's not that I'm nervous
because I have something to fear in this
this sense
No, they don't know how to move in the conflict, man.
He is a person who has been very cool and
very naughty, to put it mildly
on Twitter in writing but villin don't you
has a debate, guy doesn't know how to move in it
conflict does not know how to move in the
conflict in the video she is seen as equal and
apart from that I think in the video with
Dallas had been in for 4 days
Twitch or Sara is a person who does not
knows how to move in the
conflict does not know how to move in the
conflict uncle also has no need
Exactly, but let's see what he looks at.
I want to explain to you so that you understand the
The move here is very simple
They cannot overcome that two people
accepted by the media as they are auron
and wine have shaken hands with Dallas or
the opportunity not to cancel it even
making peace with him and demonstrating
with this that d is a person with whom
things can be fixed because
having done that Sara and Auron them
It distorts the story they want
sell me
Do you understand? Hello, hello, okay, so all this
It's because they have had it from the very beginning
Sara made that video with Dallas want
sell that Sara did it threatened and
point because they don't want to admit that
has done it because yes the karma wismichu
feel what Dallas in
In 2017, we are not even 10% or 10% of the people.
happens
So all this comes because you are
angry that Sara made a video
with with with Dallas uncle is very strong Win
michu because Sara admits she did it
so that he would not do it to him
video but let's see the fact that
Sara admits that she made peace with him
in order not to enter into a conflict with him
It means that Sara was
coerced someone really believes
that Dallas can be but this is
It's already about let's see This is having to
Dallas on an altar and I feel it
I have a certain appreciation and I don't like it
Bad I like Dallas okay and I have him
I have my appreciation for him. Okay, and I have it.
in very good esteem okay but man I
You will forgive me and allow me to be
realistic to believe that Dallas can
to do any harm to an auron or a
villain with a video
is that you are overrated a lot
People, you are overestimating me.
you don't Wi michu not putting that I
I can say that Aur may be afraid of me
and you are overrated
you are overrated
Dallas let's see what Dallas does video that
It is often very well argued
It is based on evidence and is very well explained.
a person who is quite knowledgeable knows
do things pretty well and
He explains himself quite well and handles himself very well
good in conflict but man, let's see
You will allow me and with all due respect
eh With all due respect if Dallas
puts against de auron and Sara No
I know who loses
eh Let's see what family Dallas has made for him
Hi by videos and there you have Hi by you
Do you think that if he gets it he'll mess with you?
Auron's girlfriend and Auron gives it to her
responding wins Dallas man a
a little please
No man, a little bit, but please a little bit.
a little bit of adding Two plus Two, no, let's see
that can make her look bad in a video with
things of the past but that has been done
spoken Dallas and 500 have spoken
youtubers throughout these years What
difference there would be. That is the only one
difference that there would be but of what If it is
that today there is none
difference but it has become more viral
any funa to Sara through
tiktok that with any that could be
have done with any video of
Dallas man let's be let's be
realists one thing is that you prefer
peace and
you prefer not to have a dispute
controversy and all that but stuff
another thing is that you do it under duress
out of fear but let's stop repeating it
This nonsense that they are saying is
people no I mean everything that moves this
people are absurd mantras and theories
Very absurd aunt who repeats one after another
and again so that it becomes
Reality man, let's see what Sara does.
did when he found out that Dallas
It was going to be a video for Sara. Well, yes.
Well, look, surely if there weren't
I had been in the middle because it would have been then
Dallas would have made a video for Sara
AND
surely the most
probably the most likely thing that there would be
The thing is that Vin and Dallas wouldn't have even
answered or they would have said four
phrases in a live show and on top of that there would be
lost followers
Dallas was right Dallas in the
things that I told or not But honestly
it wouldn't have happened either
Nothing, man, but what has Dallas done to him?
videos to smaller people and don't give them to them
It has loaded or so
coerced
man
coerced, that is, they did not make the pass
because they loved her
to do without more I already do today
three or four years ago I don't remember who dubbed
the arm first and such I know that I
I took her with me I took her with me for
a lot of years and I don't know how it is that I don't
I know how the thing about making peace came about, no
I know there are many people who say that I do.
I did it to protect Sara. Maybe I did it
I did it to protect him, listen to me, no
I remember, I don't remember. I know they were.
two colleagues of mine who had
that and like any other colleague as if
Alanne and Quintuple fight. Well
I would have mediated but there isn't
more live as in a very childish world
No, yes, but let's see, but the
their theory the mantra that they
They want to put everything on the table
the world makes it a reality is that
Sara and Auron don't get along well.
They don't even get along, they don't know
they carry that they do not know
They are responsible for making peace with the media.
you so that Dasas wouldn't make a video of him
so that Dasas wouldn't make a video of him
but that doesn't mean that Sara
were
coerced into not doing anything to him
a video so they wouldn't start a
war or so that Dallas wouldn't get involved
nor in that is to say, what is the most
logical and normal as I tried in my day
do with Dallas and with Nauter and not
It worked in this one, it worked, but let's go
I can give you thousands more
I can give you many other examples.
examples in which I have
I contacted both parties and said, Hey
So we'll fix it. Hey, we'll talk, I don't know.
that yesterday the thing about
itaa the kids who interviewed
itaa were followers of mine and and and and when
I was consulting a source and the
another source to try to find the
the truth was put on the table the topic of
make a call and talk things over
but it seems to me the most mature thing
Dalas with Juan and Ari, it was also me.
Dallas with Juan and Conery, it was me too
but look that was it
because what happened in Dallas is what happened in Dallas with
Juan and Conari if I'm not mistaken it was
because I was already talking to Juan and
conari
I met them, I don't remember because of my
strike with windy I don't remember what it is
that was some kind of windy era move and
They already spoke well of Dallas to me in
plan Hey, look, we have
said terrible things about him but look at you
that later Now we like him and we have
Having seen all your history, I don't know what. And in
another occasion at the time without having anything
what to see talking to Dallas the Dallas me
These people said I don't know what and I told him
I said he's talking but if he is
People have told me this about you. Yes.
man, you're going to see it and why
I don't know what and I told him wait
Now let's talk about it and we'll talk about it
What also happens is that they are people who
does not want the mantra to exist that
Dallas is able to solve the
problems with people without more I mean
everything revolves around Dallas
Okay, it was because I was scared since the
was threatening to publish things
that have come to light this weekend
week and many more
turbid
I do not deny this completely and I was
witness
but it's not that I was
witness It is that I know all the
conversation let's tell it like this okay
Dallas in no It's that here it is
accusing Dallas of something very strong
No, of course, this is already as you have seen that
in the courts because these things are not
They give importance and it is a conflict of one
and another one not clear but here he is accusing
aas of a very thing
I strongly deny it, I deny it.
that he trusts my word and who doesn't no
Dallas never threatened Sara.
with publishing
nothing he was going to be a video of the funa of
the tweets that Sara had from the
the atrocities they said on Twitter and
those things Yes, but things
cloudy after when I had to
defend myself months after the damage that was done to me
did Dallas when I had to
Dallas took advantage of those apologies
among others
things Dallas the apologies that the
took advantage of, among other things
things Sara's conversation with Dallas
had something to do with Win
Michu asked
I ask
She said that I had coerced her into
have that conversation with me as
You can see the one who started the conversation
It was her and I understood her
[Music]
See Inma, I'm Sara, Ral told me that
you must have been left isma, I'm Sara, I've been left
Ral said that you have been left a little
striped you want to talk I explain to you if
you want is worth good
michu your manipulation is very nice yes it is
She starts the conversation but here
Here she is mentioning something before
the conversation
No
I ask, has there been anything here before?
conversation no you have spoken with Ral
you have blamed something or something
sea
no And then he puts you in touch with
She doesn't Because she is also the first
First time chatting as far as I can see
So this looks like you
to reproach Ral for something and Ral says
Well come on, she's going to go to you.
speaking already begins by manipulating. Because as
always uncle all things of wimu
They deny it. Explain to me if you want, Sara.
but it is not necessary I know that this
Turkey, you are afraid of him just like everyone else
but I don't think this is the solution or
From a distance it has only been swept away
under the carpet what I am incapable of
to understand wait wait Win michu
wait Win michu you just put in your
tweet that started the conversation was
she and I
understood and one of the first phrases of
the conversation is
what I am incapable of
understand this in the first sentence is valid
that the canals are so large that
You are the ones who dance to his tune and enter his game
Today is the day, good bug Javi, no laws
the comments these days from your
live and today you would see that no one
you sneak in the campaign you're doing
to whitewash wine is shameless what
You're licking their balls all for
be with your little group, well, people, for the
less we have channels with more dignity
who face the issue like Oh, you have been
message cut off send me another one by
Please send me another one Send me another one by
please tell me which channel Tell me which channel you
likes it better
opinion and let it pass, sorry man, let's see
I'm sorry
man I have to earn the king serum and and
the position for the games of the
squid 3 let's see if at least there I
They put wien bichu that you are incapable of
understand that the channels are so
You are so great that I danced to your tune and
enter their games Wi michu do not
You understand because you don't want to understand.
the canals being as large as they are
It's not that I want to dance in the water
feel your body together
is that your theory that they are afraid of him
Dallas doesn't exist. It just happens on its own.
zasca XD XD XD XD but look from here
says I am unable to understand that being
the channels so big that you are
I danced the water and you entered into its game
because they are not afraid of him is because they have
made peace to have peace in the
life son
I have seen the video in pieces because
I don't want to get sick at these either.
heights of the early morning uncle that you put
bad Win
michu uncle that makes you sick Win michu
But what are you telling me?
here my God of my
life but my God of my life that you
You make Win michu sick for this But you
what the [ __ ] else do you
Yes, but let's see if it is part of
was part of any move that was
It gets bad, we'll wait and see, man, I'll see.
right now for example someone to do
the passes with someone who I think is not
He deserves it and I'm not going to get sick myself.
at most I can say damn less
what an [ __ ] this guy is doing
passes but as much as getting sick until
that level you
It affects you to that level, it affects you, it puts you
bad because it doesn't fit with your
story that is put
Bad but only with what I've seen of
This man and his little group tend to screw me over.
life One more year But who's going to give you
[ __ ] up Wi's life
Michu, your life has been screwed up by you alone.
Uncle, let yourself go. Think about it. Uncle, open up.
the eyes that this gentleman and his little group
to screw up his life, good grandpa and
incredible week of gossip that kids
You bring us the king of gossip and the best of
first hand like only the king of gossip
can do it wu this is a little fault
mine
eh You're welcome cell You're welcome man sh eh what
Yesterday I spent the whole afternoon organizing the
call between it taisa and villin and everything
the roll eh So that today there is this eh
perper let's see this gentleman and his
little group But what a little group, Holy Virgin Yes
to which the dem
you ordered him to kill with him
Dallas But what a little group, Holy Virgin. Yes.
to the one who demands that he is one of the most
has given you a cane
takes to kill with the Dallas stops
create mantras that are not
You really know what this guy is like.
You know very well what kind of person he is
you know what he did to Ingrid Mara and
many more people than
I know what he did to Ingrid and Mara Wi
michu Let's get into that
really let's get into that
true wiis michu resurrecting for
scratch interactions Dilan Well look
This might not even be bad for him. Look
what you
I mean, man, seriously, seriously, man, seriously
isma isma but you have the head is
I don't believe that you have the...
Do you really think this is what you are thinking?
saying
here or you can be
innocent You can be me who knows not you
You may have your shortcomings and your
things no but man gave you to believe this
Isma, please, what are you telling me?
isma You know that the Tooth Fairy doesn't
It doesn't bring you a euro when you drop one
tooth no you know who your parents are
No, you know that, Isma, or you, my mother.
You know how much he has had me subjected to
My judge in a ruling said that it was harassment
No way, you can't go with the excuse
that you feel harassed with the
the barbarities that you have said about him and
That is a car that exists, that is a car
that exists
Uncle, I honestly don't believe myself.
that
I don't believe that Alejandro is here
I kiss these things, I sincerely don't.
I believe that he thinks this is it
pure manipulation and
This is hard manipulation but pure and
tough mother
mine and yet you enter into his game and you
used to deny things he knows
that are true are not true
wismichu are not
certain are not
certain we are in 2023 are not
I don't really understand that.
I understand it I don't really understand it
I don't understand it and it's telling you in the
tweet the first thing I did was
understand her mother
My Dallas will come with everything, you'll see.
He should have put it in Dallas, surely.
would have commented on this topic
Hey Wismichu, he's still traumatized by it.
Hahaha, this one wants to reverse the roles.
guy
Haha, this is already having a very good face.
lasts to this day, still has
traumas face rolling with laughter
face twisting with laughter face
rolling with laughter man but
see eh at this point in life with
everything already denied And yet it is
a meme let's see you Sara let's see you
I put a little in context since
I hit the Boom there is a lot of propaganda in my
against because of my great deeds
of 2013 and envy everything has been
They have said me correctly up to here
tried to joke twice on Twitter in
the same month not counting the day that
I started on Twitch and became a trending topic
topic and people started taking advantage
and put in the hashtag of [ __ ] nas ma
I'm coming from a few very hectic months
I also have a forum problem
gossiping that he spends his life taking out
old tweets of mine and saying that I am
Nazi abuser and all day day to day
day every hour for three months now
gossiping forum in case there is someone
from here there are many new people who
in case there is anyone who doesn't know Game
Over forum gossiping there you have one
video where you can put yourself in context
What is the forum gossiping is worth
root of that root of this great forum
Javi contacted me and
warned of several we are already I am
up to the [ __ ] really up to the [ __ ]
of being involved in everything
sides started strong February But by
what But why
You're welcome, south of you're welcome, sel of you're welcome
nauter you're welcome eh nothing's wrong eh Me
You send me something, [ __ ], recommend me. Hey
a hug to uncle shur then I dedicate a
extract that he dedicated to me yesterday
words and recommended me in his live and
in his video
newscast a kiss
God
Javi contacted me and
He warned of several things, including that
Miar and his mother have a lot to do with each other
my scratches since they have a connection
directly with many forum members, well with
many, I don't know if they are the words
literal because many I don't know
but with a few Yes or so but that
that's real that's real but that's real
I mean, right now I'll finish it, we'll finish it
see some but yes apart but yes
is that let's see what I did what I
I did was make her aware because she
doesn't watch all the videos and is not set
in the fergo tiando but really yes O
have even been seen in person with
foreras for eres for eres with this one from the
It's like that with the other one over there but that but
That, but I know that from being with
she being
colleague approached who approached and
They ruined their careers, whoever doesn't see it
has a problem A hug Javi But I
I see it clearly, okay? And I told Sara that
you know that they have this problem
with you for this and look here you have
this and if you but apart from that it is not that
It's that apart from that time neither
Ana concealed many things
They don't hide it either because they don't
only followed with forum members but
that also when the forum members put
tweet and
things she would like the tweets and the
things and I have this all saved okay
On Ingrid's part I felt this was
I have everything saved, eh?
in case it needs to be proven But that's me
I have it but apart from that it is absurd
To deny it is absurd to deny it and it has been
more than shameless Of
In fact, I have audios where I
They say take this screenshot tweet it yourself
that I can't because I face the
public I have to remain as if I were not
say
nothing, I have that, if I don't see that, you won't see it
you who spend your life taking mine and
saying that I'm an abuser and everything
every day for three months this
referring to the Forum okay Ah well This
I'm rereading it on behalf of
Ingrid, I felt a little used in her
day by refusing to participate in a trial
against Dallas or rather
careful careful
eh Armando Thank you very much Be careful with the
bomb that aiwin michu just released
wismichu stop lying angry face
angry face but but it is
Conation is making him worse, look.
just got out that Ingrid asked her
Sara who was a witness at the trial
of gender violence because the one who
Ingrid called Dala violent.
of gender and that V told him no, no
had nothing to say there or rather
Ingrid asked Bin to go
as a witness, Vin told him no, what
what the [ __ ] was she painting there that she didn't have
no evidence or proof of what
I was reporting And from there
Ingrid distanced herself a lot from
My michu, you have seen what you have
published but apart from this
completely violates the la la
Intimacy I will no longer tell you mine
because mine seems a little odd to me
maybe because it's really nothing either
that is not known but man this violates
a little bit of intimacy even between Sara and
of I don't know
eh I don't know if Win michu has consulted
this with your lawyer
Hey, now everything makes sense, that is, everything.
the movement of these people uncle but it is
which is at a point of blindness of
blindness is not literal, okay, I don't
Win michu demands
Hey, he's at a point where not even he
himself realizes the reality uncle
that your life revolves around it
Dallas dude you guys are moving to the O so
you want to turn everyone against you
from Dallas participating in your
[ __ ] you wanted to put in
villin in a trial for violence
gender against the
Dallas I can't do it, let's go Yes I can do it
I can believe but what I can't
believe Is this man publishing this
conversation is
creates
that this this has been a good idea it's me
wismichu contradicted himself by saying
upload Sara's answer
thoughtful but this is it
leaving
fatal always the source of all your
controversies is Dallas No it is not the center eh
is the center
eh On the other hand if Habi does not reach
mediate dasas makes me a video
taking advantage of all this attempt to
cancellation towards me and and I just
finish it off completely with a lot
information and my humor from the time
Black Uncle Win Michu, here's what's going on with you.
saying Sara is not that she was
coerced or extorted here what
nor is it telling you here that
Dalas the
threatened So you are
lying here here is not telling you
that you give her
threatened here he is telling you the same thing
that I said a while ago
while that if I had not mediated
Well, I would have made a video.
Sandell but here he is not telling you
nothing about him getting more information out
neither murky information nor how he dealt
to your
couple Where it says that giving the threatened one does not
it
it says it doesn't say it
Uncle, is there anyone defending
Win michu for this conversation there is
someone who thinks that
this
there is someone who there is someone who believes that
Win michu has done well in this one
conversation I would never go against you
I just said that there we are in fact going to
I know you and you can see it in the video
that Dallas tries to bring up topics with her and she
avoids topics and names to avoid
mention you to
Ingrid I have only said that there are things that
I saw that they didn't seem normal to me
I say the thing about abuse and so on.
basically because it reached the ears of
He who called you an abuser
psychological Ingrid and basically I don't
I believe it is true, I don't know.
I actually apologize in the video for
My actions in 2013 in summary and clarification
that I didn't throw stones at anyone, I didn't want to
to get into topics that concern me to see
I'm not going to get into the issues of what
Ingrid said or Ingrid didn't say
Okay, what can I say and I'm not going to
wet more if they're putting me in
Honestly, but it came to me
part of people close to Ingrid who
Ingrid was putting Win michu down no
They told me what but that it was going to happen
making it green
Yes, I'm not saying what Ingrid said.
whether it was true or whatever because I believe
that would be spite or whatever is fine
but Ingrid was speaking badly of this
people and fought with these people that's what I
People close to me told me that without further ado
Okay, I don't know if what they told him was the
what is being said there or whatever it is or
What it is worth is left there and that's it
There is Wis Michu's evidence to say
that Dallas threatened is still the same giving
to understand in a chat that Dallas threatened
ain XD literally
literal
literal Lucifer a
hug I expected the conversation
because when when win michu
put this clipped conversation in the
video he made of Dallas
Hey me
Today is the day Javi I have a question you
you fart on live shows, what mic
and configuration you have so that it is not
Listen to the farts, man, come on.
thanks A kiss eh Let's see the first thing
first so that the farts cannot be heard
is not putting your ass on the microphone like
gref Vale does and the second thing is the south
sb7 I think it's called, okay, it's the mic
that almost all youtubers have and not
The noise from outside picks you up and nothing today
It's the day Hello regarding the topic Yo
I think Sara is a bad person and
that the poor thing is Ral who is in
In the midst of all Sara's mistreatment
psychologically Ral often
said Ral's brother Since he
warned of everything a long time ago I wish
speak
Ruben doesn't seem to me to be the most reliable source.
and be very careful with the things that
may be very careful composing those
things that in the end you eat what you don't
They eat the others, my goodness, people
Man, people are terrible on the internet.
What I was going to tell you was that when I was Wi
michu published this conversation
cropped and manipulated in the video
the one who played Dallas back then
I really believed that
Sara sinned Of
having danced to the tune of the two of them
having told each one what he wanted
hear and it had gone wrong
played but here it is confirmed once again
that Sara did very well to stand up
part of Dallas and against you
imma look at yourself calmly
Isma conversation, look at you calmly
your thread and look at yourself calmly
conversation
dude look at the conversation look at it
truth in short he preferred to save the
skin in the face of threats from a being that
Nobody takes In
Seriously, let's see what it is.
contradictory every sentence Today is the day
Don four lucky shitty kids
and money that you think they are
Untouchables and it really pisses me off to see how
People get rich like this and try to stay
of
Poor things, a kiss, King, uncle preferred
save their skin from threats that
did not exist is that they did not exist
threats is that they did not exist but it is
that they did not exist but it is not that they did not
existed is that even if Sara told you
I would have said, well, I would say, [ __ ]. Well,
It's normal that you think that. If Sara has told you that.
said but he hasn't even told you
That said Sara, but you're really getting it
inventing But I was in
half But I was in
there was no means
there were no threats
threat you're making a fool of yourself Win
michu look at yourself love yourself one one
little look at your dignity a little uncle look
what you are
doing Is that there are no such threats
that does not exist It's that I can't say what
On the contrary, I can't say what
contrary to what I was present and
I have everything is that no
exist is that they do not
There exists a being that no one takes seriously
to take care of people in their care
but you already
I say that what he has done to me here is not
It is not by far the most serious thing that has happened to me.
made neither me nor those close to me to see
I read it from Ruban and seeing all this
Well, it makes you think anyway.
I'm sure the brother sooner or later
is going out to take advantage of a greeting Javi
No, the brother is fine with it.
auron that was hot and that's it let's go
Seeing uncle in conversations is making you
telling you and he is telling you
condemning Javi how do you manage to be
so handsome old tasty many
operations are a joke are a joke are a joke
eh so that he can say you are not the king of
the gossip that has been mounted since the
yesterday's trending live
yesterday's is trending with 90,000
non-tesa visits is that I don't like it
keep saying all the time Oh, it's not happening
nothing I try to do my job search
the information and bring it to you first hand
always the subject no And if you realize
always first hand comes here okay
eh Let's see Win michu in that conversation
Sara is throwing it in your face, or rather Sara
He is complaining about the people who
She calls an abuser and you are nowhere to be seen.
moment you are telling her Sara but it is
what is
That's when I decided to start.
to get away from that
people
[Applause]
[Music]
I want to feel your body of mine because my
counted his [ __ ] counted his [ __ ] hashtag
everyone on Twitter right now for
Please everyone right now in
Twitter #javioliveira was right
2 years not 3 years that is
I said 3 years ago that
I said three years ago that
I said they live obsessed with numbers
with what they have on the internet and they don't know
realize that what really
important is out of the
networks how deep Win michu what
deep my son that's why you eh That's why
I have here saved and certified TET
yours calling me rat Rat and climb because
I asked you for an interview and you said that
I did it out of interest, don't touch them
balls, I mean, touch your balls no O
was a small channel when I was
Starting with the sauce, I asked for one
interview and it turns out that he started to
insult me and And he said that I was
a rat and a
climb up to see, my son, a person who
is starting asks for an interview with
someone big what intention does he have of
that it remains anonymous, my son of
grow clear of growing son
mine and you know when you gave me some of
you the interview when I got in
against Dallas there you gave me the
interview you gave me collaborations
you promoted there you made me the
Hello Mother of God
eh mother of
God who is only by numbers wanted
you didn't like Ral very much
you loved very much
Ral without
important but let's see but now
it's not
Nazi no, it wasn't even close to my best
friend and I said it and I said it on multiple
occasions but I wanted to live a part of it
of my very important life by your side and I know
That it was also like that for him I owe him
a lot and he to me or rather you are me
you're telling me
saying
that
you recognize or this man does not give
realize this eh But because it has a
environment that does not help you has an environment
which pushes him further to sink
eh but when I say an environment that
helps more to sink I say it in all
the senses, eh, I mean, I don't think he has any
not one person to
go up in any sense that gives it
good advice
eh this this sinking that he has it
what are you doing with the
demands and the demands you do not
you know some you don't know
some when you know them V to say
But sorry, let's go the day they know
all the demands you're going to say Sorry
some advice they give you and some
movements that I really give him O
I did it more
smart I made it more
clever guy recognizing me here that
you lost one of the great relationships
let's call it So you had in the
life for
Dallas but for Dallas and not even
because they have done something against you because
It's not to say that Sara made a video
against you or that Auron has done one
collaboration with Dallas and Tall Han
thrown [ __ ] no no no because they haven't
added to the little thing you have going on with a
tell it
uncle
look at it
Uncle to all of you who are here right now
entering Twitch Thank you very much
To follow me, everyone press the button.
to follow me and also remember that
You can leave the Prime that we have left today
Here you can have a long night of gossip
leave prime on YouTube you can do it
members only worth 90 cents
[Music]
inviting him better than yourself and that
Long live Minecraft, damn it! I think it is
a wiu person that I don't think is mu
I think that uncle Dar is very manipulable
Welcome Many
thanks says I can't put
moderators and I don't know how to do it Ivan
king but as soon as he knew that I was going to
respond to Dallas and all of his videos
in February of
2021 I called him to let him know
because he was involved he rushed in
say in the interview that he had that
same afternoon with ibai that we never went
friends auron said in the interview with
I was also going to say that, I don't remember, eh, I know that
It's mine, he said it, I know it's mine.
He said, "Okay, now."
February 26th kiss
Meriam February 26 and Win's video
michu
It was February 27th, it's true, it's true, eh?
it's the same day
eh Okay, now, what did he say?
[Music]
auron Look at a truth of
wimu
I pee
friend
Friend
Friend, it's because Win Michu doesn't appear to me.
And if
I put look here
Here we will remember her many times.
Thank you so much sisuka for
Those 10 members, a huge kiss, I think.
I liked Wismichu more, I don't know if he did it.
I did better than you but you did [ __ ]
a good one to me or rather I went to see him.
fact I didn't follow much on YouTube
but I went to see it because I was invited
I said free Let's go and I
I liked what I saw, I must say that
Wismichu prepared much better
things that I say wismichu if it is
you compare me is a lot is very
worker is a good guy you just have to
watch their well edited videos there with a
perfect lighting some setups of the
Damn you, look how I work.
I look like a wretch, huh? And yes, it is.
It's true that he prepared everything very well.
better and Y
probably Well if I did it better Or
be no no very probably eh What is it
the relationship you have with the now
because Claro on Twitch you have coincided
I don't know if you still keep it up
contact and each one also started to
make your life a little comfortable How were you leaving?
with him right now because we talk from time to time
It is true that it is true that
Of course people think that maybe
With Wismichu I have always had a
friendship as very strong wismichu who
bases his friendships on personal relationships
and sentimental about Dallas
important is out of
Internet
very good that's true because we have
I've made several videos, but I've made them with Wismichu.
I have never had the friendship to say Hey
isma come on let's go eat and go to a
bar I have never had that friendship we are
colleagues but we have always spoken for
the mobile phone via WhatsApp
eh We are not friends, friends who go out for drinks
something And such But but well well I don't have
no problem with him
eh on Twitch we have coincided little
Because it is true that he until now
nothing has been very unstable on Twitch or
he was there for a week then he left eh
Now it seems that at last there was
returned but I think he has done something
amongas with him or something if he lets go
Hey, it was a beautiful stage of your life.
I imagine not about the shows because well
let's see what he said what he said was
that what he said was that they were not
friends friends friends in Iron bar plan
No, this didn't surprise us all, eh?
when we saw it because
people always always believed that
It was like thick as thieves but
Well, in the end he didn't say anything to her either.
Let's see, Win Michu says that he
he said quickly in the
interview I had that same afternoon with
I was saying that we were never friends, no, that's not it.
they have
said but I conich never gone friendship
to say Hey Isma come on Let's go eat
and go to a bar
Never. Maybe with Wismichu I have always
had a very strong friendship
Okay, I want to check something else. I want
check something else
Okay, where was Wismichu?
Marbella do you remember?
April 24th
2020 okay here we already saw auron a
It seemed like he was ignoring Win Michu
okay When
It was Dallas and Villin' one
person December 28, 2020 is worth
the end was after was
after That is the reason for everything is
Uncle, the reason for everything is Dallas.
Uncle the reason for everything is
Dallas tells me Karime never thanks
subscriptions on Twitch no I didn't know A
see does not notify or what
Ah Mau
RG Mau RG says he subscribed to level one
has currently subscribed for 7 months
has a 7 month streak of bad luck
Hug me king, I'm glad you're here.
The sauce is very good here, don't miss it
I was waiting for you on Twitch, my friend.
by Twitch ahy gossip
Hey, there are little gossips, there are little gossips.
Hey Ramn, today is the day Javi, you leave me
make a video while watching the
unban requests censorship
names of the other Mods is that I flip out
with some requests Hehe ok Do it
and we reacted Rosa a
Chimillo kiss here what do you think
of this part because here the
It really surprises me on the part of
auron who denies having had one
strong friendship with win michu there already
It would depend a little on what each person
define as friend friend friend let's see me
Friend Friend friend I think that Alanne for
example if I consider her my friend AND
Note that I don't know her in person.
still but I would say that it is a
friend I think is the only person
the internet, which I would say is a friend
Hey friend, well Enrique, but it's that
Enrique I already know him in person.
you understand but friend it is a
such a word but [ __ ] is that they
they set up a company they set up they set up
shows [ __ ] that you weren't friends I don't know
see that it can be a person with the
queun lada too I think she's a friend
Yes Lada too but it's that Lada
I also know her in people
already for Auron they were
colleagues and what a company totally what
I don't understand what level there is today
of each one in that company Javi Win
Michu has a video from 2015 where he says
that he and Auron are not friends, that's true
Can you please send it to me?
Please send Ivn or Karime or
Tesa in your interview Auron said that Win
Michu said several times that they were not
friends why when he says it
It offends me if I remember correctly that interview
It was after the video of As is Dallas
2.0 when I use it and Man polished its
messages to attack IPs but
Listen to me, several things here, let's see, don't you
I say whether they were friends or not, that's it.
It depends on the two of them, but yes,
People were shocked when Auron said that.
we actually took extracts because damn
because [ __ ] people thought like that
It was a Duo such and such, okay, but oh well, no
They were friends, Vin has been very busy and
wismichu is on fire wismo is on fire and
Now we have to see you, be careful, eh?
Javi watches Wismi's video responding to
your questions as a minute
2:7 So I don't know what the thing is about
resentment towards
Auron, can you repeat the minute for me please?
in it
chat Can you repeat the minute for me?
please [ __ ] written [ __ ]
[Music]
I've been doing this for a while now. This sounds very
strong today is my thing
27 that we will confirm that WPL is real
or he will die before then, Clara, I'll tell you.
Now that wplay is not real, no, not even
we are best friends like Rubius and
Mangel, we are not boyfriends like Vegeta Rex.
no no no aur and I are just
colleagues we are colleagues who like us
[Laughs]
man how fake and how manipulative he is
liar is what
manipulative guy But what a manipulator
you are How manipulative he is
Uncle uncle really is that normal that
have the credibility that it has
normal guy
Hey, never believe anything about Win Michu, dude.
so clear never
never ever believe any of this
man uncle they always come out
you always know uncle
always always always always lies
no, let's see what I was going to tell you here is
that apart from Auron he did not rush to
deny anything I think that auron was more
friend of Jordi than of wismichu But there
It is not known what happened or yes
Jordi doesn't seem very close to Jordi
lately true But I think let's see
Never in fact Jordi wants to invite her
I think the project has simply
stagnation where he lives in the
each one works on his own
You know
simply
that simply that may be what it was
near the beginning Javi Play the audio of
Mario Tiberian No, not even
[ __ ]
that no but apart from that that that it is not
that it is not that Ral has
hasty to say that they were not friends is
who goes and asks him, Hey, what's your
relationship to this day and goes and asks him
And then he takes it and says, "Well, look."
I don't know if this is because it's stupid or innocent.
I still think that that decision
Ral didn't take it but he took it
Sara But obviously where they don't want me
I'm not going to be there, son. Could you?
having realized that they didn't love you
in Marbella B who did not know how
send you a hint that there was even
one where you were thrown out of the car
halfway through the game and you were still there and
you went on and on about being Heavy and on about
Heavy and you continued
Heavy Poor thing eh Do you remember that?
Uncle That's all I could go on talking
long and hard about even more things
dark Uh at the tip of lisb no no
We have heard, we have not seen this technique
yours
never but because of the affection I have for him
Some people prefer to leave it like that
now I should have told this in
how much but the truth is that it is already quite a lot
I had or what? But why the hell would you
tell it as soon as
It happened, damn it, you were going to throw [ __ ] at
auron because it wasn't your love I know why it is
This is not regrettable
Hey, how sad this is
eh a kiss
Lucifer took the opportunity to comment that those
alleged accusations and allegations of
minors from whom I had to defend myself
have been proven false by the
Oh, I'm not going to get into this topic.
Okay
eh Because I would like to see myself
I would comment on this topic if they show the
dismissal, that is, without question
nothing Of course you already know that no
I've been involved in this from the beginning
topic I haven't lied to myself but man here
Win Michu is saying that it is a hoax
of the usual rabble I'm staying
Of course they were orchestrated by a
third that has a clear enmity
with me I would like to see the car of
dismissal okay I would like to see that
this has been proven to be false
because a third party is making it up for you
throw [ __ ] at him like he's saying
here it's not that I don't know I would like that
see if it says that or if it says Hey, well look
This is something that is already very old
we can't you know what I'm telling you then
I am not going to talk about this topic either or
I doubt it nor do I want to insinuate or
do not insinuate whether one is lying or whether the
another one invents it or not because it is
a very delicate subject that I have not been aware of
pronounced from the first moment
You understand, I have not spoken since the
from the first moment but well that
show the car and that and that it says Hey
Well, acquitted for this, for this and for
I don't know how to [ __ ] this, [ __ ] this thing so
serious I sincerely such a thing
serious such a serious thing I
Honestly, when I win it I would show it
sentence I don't know why, good sentence
It wouldn't be a car, of course, but I'm telling you.
It is a topic on which I did not speak out
There are many people who tell me why not
You say this, that they have filed it
If they haven't filed it, I don't have it.
I have no [ __ ] idea but I haven't
I wanted to know nothing about that topic because
I have enough to deal with the demands that
I have to see, they can't sue me either.
for something that has gone viral, that is, me
I could perfectly comment on it and give you
my opinion But I prefer not to do it
because I don't know I prefer not to give my
opinion I prefer not to give my opinion
about that
okay if he takes out the papers and he takes out
the cars, well, there it is worth it. But
I prefer not to
make it total has
has been completely left in
No shame Javi, I'll give you mine, no
better not been completely left in
shame eh has been completely left in
shame to see we have seen we have seen
before the answer of win michu that
that Sara's thing is coming So it's time
react to that
Sara, if you give me a second, I have
that we have to go to the bathroom for a second
Here two exact hours are worth one second.
second You're welcome as long as you like it
while I subscribed to you and while
you share the live we react to it
de villin okay we react to what
villin
Jord Auron said several times that when
They lived in Barcelona. They became re
friends and they distanced themselves by going to
Andorra but I had to go in 2023 to
microphone of
study Yes just what I told you
just what I told you
Of course, well, let's go, phew. This is going to be
I have not seen it powerful, I have seen some
clip I've seen some clip What's up I don't know
hey, you can't hear it
listen it looks black it doesn't look like I don't see it I don't see it
No
Don't bother me, man, he fell.
the live broadcast now with 4,000 viewers
No, I'm not bothered.
uncle no
uncle
oh really
dude seriously dude [ __ ] off it was
It was a joke
joke was go to hell go to hell
[ __ ] what disgusting followers dude what
disgust of Followers and it depends on you
My pension depends on you.
Disgusting
How disgusting you are, you idiots!
imbeciles Let's see let's see They told me
that vill very
based and here my
Editors have told me they are marking me
Here are the timelines we're going to go
let's not get to the mess, let's see what we're going to see
What are the best parts? Here are the best parts.
but I'm going to start basically from
here okay I'm going to start from here to
see it Okay I'm going to start from here to
seeing it exploded the first time all this
of the subject of black humor t because the
people take care of it, I mean, I don't know how
It will be in other countries but in Spain
someone is famous and the first thing they do
is to look at absolutely all of his
tweets, that is, it is like that. That is, they are going to look at each other.
the tis of the year of the polka that by
true, I never changed my account
tasty old man could you send him a greeting
My wife's name is Wendy, we are big fans.
yours Wendy yer a huge hug
application to delete all tweets
What's up, are they all deleted? Until the
until a certain date and from then on no
They came out scandalously but they were there
They were still there, that is, they stayed
like a bug then that's why he did it
Cheto, this is also what I explained to you.
yesterday what Cheto did do you remember Cheto and
Besides, he explained that it is not something that
I'm making it up, let's say he does it
Cheto explained that he used a
application to delete everything eh su
Twitter's past because brands
because I don't know what this explained eh the
others
You found a spicy kiss, Javi.
Thanks for entertaining us by throwing a face
kiss Well Lexa I'm glad you're here
enjoying the days of such intense gossip
that we are having but I am going to ask you
a favor Well a favor I don't oblige you
I force what you send me Ivan will not be a
penis I can't
put it
shocking
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my no
time what why do you send me this
Ivan, why are you sending me this? Ivan. Well.
Well that night Win michu came asking me
explanations about my video
Sorry, I didn't mention him anywhere.
moment And what's more I asked you not to
I would mention only myself
excuse me no
I understand
No
I understand, I don't understand, Ivan, tell me quickly
What's going on? I don't understand.
Ivan, you make several of these tweets.
because basically in this bu that although
I couldn't see it on my TV, they continued
being there That's where you find everything
This but I have never felt
proud of this is that it makes me mad
disgust I tell you seriously and I feel
They have said that it dismantles the
thread
Well, the thread comes apart by itself.
Same with the tweet itself, but
Well, we've finished that topic.
I feel I feel bad or rather but no no
for the TT itself but for the [ __ ] of
person who was at the time was a
trash of a person eh
leaking also does this in
The internet is not a good person and I admit it.
he wasn't a good person something Not to me
This seems to me to be applauded, that is to say it is
sincerely acknowledging that I was expecting
that Sara would not give her arm twisted and nor
even a little in the sense that
[ __ ] admit that you know what I'm saying
what things you did wrong, things you know wrong
but here She is already there
whipped was a bad person was not good
person or thing
Heo is more than I expected, man.
much more than I expected
he's thrown a pair he's thrown a pair yes yes
Yes, yes, let's see, yesterday I was very bad, eh, I mean
I didn't tell you anything good, I told you a little
I don't know to what extent but yesterday she
It was very bad, eh? It is already in itself
a person who, to my taste, takes
too strong gives too much
importance to negative comments
dude and it's like but if you have everything in the
Life is worth it, I'm not even talking about it economically.
which of course will cost a lot
money will earn a lot of money but
you are with the person you love
the friends you love have a life that
It is the dream of many and it stays for a long time
with the negative comments and it is a
something that she has had since she was born.
I know she has this clear then
yesterday the tray that they were giving him and
the crap they were giving him Because
Besides, it's not like they were there anymore
canceling for the usual reason why
Yes, it has been put It is that they were
canceling for things you haven't posted
uncle to the clown
They are nominated for news coverage
news coverage of what I did
yesterday I brought you Vin and brought you the mother
Jeremy's Who has done that of those who
were nominated in coverage
Informative With all due respect to everyone
the
nominees Who brought theirs here
channel to villin and Jeremy's mother
Javi Oliveira Vale While the
Anug's clown The racist ally to whom
They put it in to keep me out today.
a tiktok of his came out in which he was
saying that Sara was calling the mother of
Jeremy and other victims to give him
false information to screw you over
harass, look for him, that's what I saw today
anuc coverage
informative was And then that's what
We were talking yesterday and what I
I also talked about it with Jeremy's mom
That's why he sent me that video so that I wouldn't
It was only my word because I did not
I recorded the no no no I didn't record the
conversation or rather me perfectly yesterday
I could have taken the conversation with
the four would have recorded it if it was
They wouldn't have noticed, but why?
I'm going to record that if we agree not to.
I was going to record it and I said Taisa, that's it.
that I explained the internet to him and I explained to him
Look, I want to put the position of the two
but I also want you to know that
many people are using your
interview to say that she was the
the one who called you was the one who called you
to harass you and give you information
false information about the whereabouts of your child, she who
She was the one who sent you these tweets
that the child was being done this
Well, those things no And she told me
Man, I remember that she put some
tweets and that I kind of followed the game
no no she didn't condemn him and she was there no
She was in the group but man she
Hey, and he didn't do this. And then I told him.
if you want to enter the live broadcast of
somehow it's your house and taisan and me
He said okay I'll send you the video and tell me if you like it
okay and generously sent us a
video is also worth applauding
Everything has been said and I told you this yesterday
I say Listen to me, give me a round of applause for the
mother who
could after all he suffered
having added fuel to the fire if
I would have liked, eh, applause and a
altar for that lady too
Hey, an altar for that lady is worth
having spoken for having come to the
called with a conciliatory attitude and
above a clarification in video so that
It is not only about me
mouth an altar to is lady a monument
Please okay And that's it and things
Well, they're gone
fixing but when I see a tiktok
from the n saying that Sara had
been calling this lady to
harass her I don't know what to look for if you have it
send it to me by hand and I'll put it here.
as Sorry, of course she does, since
in itself he takes criticism badly because
say things that he has not done because he has not done them either.
He wanted to eat it. How logical is that?
It is better to admit things than to eat things
that has not been done either
truth was not well with me and and and of
I really accept it and I'll buy it from you.
I mean it, I accept it and I'll buy it from you.
These behaviors are shameful and
I understand that any person today in
day sees any kind of these things
If it is not in the context in which
There was me and many other people Eh in
that time that he did live through, he will say, But
What the hell is this? I mean, normal.
I also understand many people who
is insulting me that I think
that I am the worst but the problem is that
You're thinking I'm the worst for a reason
You have been judging me for 10 years.
I am never like that before now.
I'm getting screwed over things I say
Nowadays I always go out
10 years and that also says a lot about me
and the evolution that I have had as
person me because if you had continued
being this same [ __ ] would be serious
worrying that you were taking me out
things from two years ago, from yesterday, yes
which would be very worrying, luckily
within the shame I carry with me
I can say damn it's from 10 years ago but
I have changed and I think it shows that I have
changed no I mean I don't do these anymore
I condemn things
totally and that's it and when it blocks
a person on Twitter who puts me a
image Or he calls me born such is because already
It happened to me, man, there are people to see me
I understand, I laugh even though she doesn't
There is grace of course I understand that
she gets angry or whatever but I for
example Yesterday when I saw some memes of
Nazi I laugh but it's like taking something like that
honestly there are some that are with
humor like let's see if I don't do it
It's in a way they are not calling her the
Nazis literally But there are people
who takes the Nazi thing seriously and
understand that it is not in a literal way
There are no people like her who believe that she
He was a Nazi in a way
Literally I think the question is very
obvious but you already saw the Game over of
nauter
Sara yes but it is a normal video in
reality not giving the
information I saw both of his videos of the
topic to see gives the information gives all the
information puts everything on the table
He doesn't have much of an opinion on all the information.
not in your
I don't remember the video from memory, King of
I really don't remember much, I know it's very
not very tough on her either
but left the information there and that
each one knows what he wants
I say to say that you have changed you have
that showing it and not saying it is yin
proof of what should be done to
really change
overall good to
see a lot of people to see I think that
inevitably uncle I mean if we are
Speaking about 2012 2013 I think that
inevitably everyone has
changed from 2012 until now there is no
done things better or worse No yes
you change in two years
Uncle, I mean, you are now 15 years old and you don't
you found out what we were doing
doing 10 years ago Okay, I'll buy it from you
But leave me alone. I mean, it's already over, isn't it?
Your time has passed. I would understand.
All this if it were from now you would understand me
I mean, I want it above all and I don't know what it is.
I know it better to explain myself, but I want to
Above all, that you understand that, that is, it is not
you're not telling me when people
He calls me a dumb [ __ ], you son of a [ __ ].
that they are not insulting me. I am
Now when the one you have to condemn
a m I from before because I was a real
Filthy daughter of a [ __ ]. Good thing
I also tell you all my life
Well, on Twitter, there are no worse things.
life neither Let's put ourselves like
that we are the devil but it was not a
good person and normal that I
insults but insults the person
Don't speak in the present tense before, I am
seeing how people are calling me I was born
right now that's good, I already believe that
It was made clear that it was all a meme
of the time or that is
eh I was born literally but that is me
I'm seeing people on Twitter who are
putting a picture of her where she paints
with a marker the swastika and the people
He's telling her look look he has tattoos
I saw this today on Twitter
literally has the symbol tattooed and it is
He erased it with some flowers, I swear
that I mean there is someone here that
I need to explain to him about the Nazi thing. I mean
There are people who believe he is a Nazi.
Literally, what was Jai expecting to see?
I hate, I hate, I condemn everything
absolutely all of that and really I in
In my life I have had no fascist friends, that is
never or anyone who knows me
Come on, you can know but taking all that away
You are judging my current self.
I have nothing to learn from now on
because I have already learned many things
I've taken a lot of hits in my
life eh I tell you seriously and many
times when I have had to explain myself
I have not explained well why I am
accustomed to living on the defensive
It is when a person lives at the
defensive usually pulls on borders of
usually pulls on How do you say this Ah
of egocentrism that is when a
person lives defensively like I do
because I am being judged but not
Now I have been judged since
I started streaming before all of these
things that didn't matter to anyone, you know
I mean seriously, I already had like a lot.
of people who followed me on Instagram and
Do you think someone came to
[ __ ] me with all this not everything started
but nobody cared anymore
not only of Followers but of
all the good streamer influencers
all if they are four C that are
throwing [ __ ] at those who are
Throwing my truth at him doesn't help him either.
They were imported, that is, Felipe, Chetos,
Win michu but if they have joined with
They Knowing all that, why do they come?
Now they care a lot about the mother of
Jeremy is a lie is a lie and ice Melo
It's already amazing. Hey, I uploaded the video, it's done.
uploaded it has been uploaded by jesito has uploaded it
No, Jesito has uploaded it.
not the main Channel video of
You really can't miss it, man.
It's nonsense. This is worth it. Win michu.
takes the opportunity to sink Sara Billin
Well today I uploaded two videos to the Channel
main value today upload two videos to
Channel
Sara Villin's main video call
with itaa Jeremy's mom look at him there
Everything about yesterday is very well explained
summarized what is known to the points
what was reached in that conversation is worth it
Here you have it, I haven't seen it yet.
and
then another video Win michu takes advantage
to sink Sara villin for the mother of
Jeremy I haven't seen it yet either.
But hey, I recorded it last night, okay, watch it.
because that's where I put all the twists and
All of Win Michu's thoughts
brutal brutal okay brutal I would have
I liked to broadcast the news today. Ah, news
I took out today, not in the morning, no salsa
in case anyone wants to subscribe
The sauce is also worth it, today I took it out
newscast with the duck thing and the thing about
Yesterday I didn't have time for more, eh?
I don't have time for more no matter how much I want to
since I've been a streamer it started there and
I found this very funny because it is
completely
true Wait I'll tell you
teaching is totally true to see here
there is the cycle of villin's life this
this real or this this real explained
several times but as I already said
eh it was my fault that there weren't any left
things clear it was my fault for not addressing the
theme out of shame or whatever
what I feel eh and explain it openly
as I am explaining today all my
[ __ ] okay Eh This has already happened or so
Yes it is true I have apologized in
other times but I hope this one is already
It's the closing of the cycle, I'm not going back
Let's talk more about this topic.
talk about it today everything you have to
We'll talk about it today and I'm not leaving.
to pronounce never again And if already
After today you tell me no
I have apologized, the problem is no longer
Mine is yours Okay I'll take care of it
fault that it was not understood before
the message but but to this day
Today I think it has to be
mark a little bit before and after
after and I really want to
apologize in general I do not
I feel good right now or rather it is not
that the funa doesn't suit me
I don't care, I'm telling you
I don't live, so I can go.
Tomorrow there will be no internet and I will have a life
[ __ ] great I mean and I already
I'm doing other things outside of here
Okay, I'm here because my life I don't
I want to dedicate myself to being a public person
it's wrong eh it's wrong but it's wrong
because it's bad because it feels bad eh
I mean, it's wrong, dude, it's wrong for me.
days when I've been listening to it, it's
bad eh It's bad
eh It's wrong but not because it is
famous and it suits her not because she is famous
now and it's going to screw up his career or
that it is because Diego really a hug
It really shows that you don't, but you
really I mean if there were if the
you would have seen how I did it yesterday or
it has been bad it has been bad and the
people were taking advantage of that
I was at the moment of depression, okay?
Eh, not because it's going to ruin his career or
because a bridge goes down here
because they cancel it, that's why you understand me
really
This is going to continue as normal in fact
I think he has won a lot of
Followers these days and it is not
doing is not playing the role is what
I want to tell you how bad things have been for her
Jeremy's mother of course but no one
is saying the opposite but
Hey, she regrets things for real.
uncle or rather has a feeling of
feel sick
truth has a feeling of
true our generation does not suit me
It seems that the Auron couple did
nothing bad No man, let's see There are things
bad There are very bad things we are not going to not
Let's not deny the obvious either.
What happens is that they have been there for 10 years
more than For I don't know how many
years that was cancelled and that has not been
returned to
repeat and and it's a thing a [ __ ] does
decade a [ __ ] decade and apart from that how do you
I was explaining in the videos that I have
uploaded worth Y
yesterday are not comparable because by
example today one that was in the
group of hers at that time and that
Today he meets with Win Michu who all
You know who it is, I gave him a gameover, okay?
I'm not going to put it back here today.
because he has been crying since yesterday because
I have mentioned it, let's see, my son.
You are a streamer I can mention you and
What am I saying or disrespecting you?
respect is not a lie, there is one, let's go
who put a tweet list to Marta on
castle that my mother and the uncle is here today
whining because I'm comparing
What I mean by villin is one thing and that
with him I say another man let's see buddy yes
You are comparing the two tweets to me.
What's up with the string of
Twitch what's up with you if you think that the
level is the same we have a problem
Okay and yet Win michu And those people
they get together with him and they are trying
Sara is sentenced to life for this.
that much strong fabric but it is the
hypocrisy of these people no Then I
I do not always condemn nor do I want to dedicate myself
This forever I do not condemn either
That kid for those tweets I'll throw them in
face because he is a [ __ ] moralist who
He was throwing [ __ ] at me
you understand and you are not here to point fingers
nobody and then it goes on about what it goes on
you understand But let's see I understand that that
kid today wouldn't put his either
tweet Ok now it doesn't seem to me that
that kid has made a regret
and a proper apology too
I say to that kid at the time, I didn't
I saw how I am seeing Vin
Bad and repentant okay But good it is not
What I tell you is worth it, we cannot judge
nor to people for things of
11 or 12 years ago now it's a different story.
whether they are things from 11, 11, 12 years ago or today
from today behind And that they follow her
doing because there are some I'm not going to give
names But there are some that don't
in front of the public because they are famous
and you know that today that is very
condemnable but nevertheless private
remain the same
[ __ ] you have to know how to differentiate between
someone who doesn't do it because we are not
at the same time and among those who did not
They do it because today you know what
I tell you Always Okay I don't do anything well
since never being a public person myself
I have already explained many times to my people
that I'm going to be here for a little while
more and then I'll leave I have other things
other goals in life I am already
looking to do things that are not
have nothing to do with that, that is, I
I apologize for myself because
I feel disgusted seeing the person I was
and and because people deserve a
explanation and not stay with this
[ __ ] okay I don't care about the rest
I honestly don't care about Twitch.
It doesn't matter at all, it's just that I don't care
I don't care about anything, just being good with myself and
with you who understand me
Okay, let's see what I'm missing, what else?
we were talking
in
okay with all this
move with all this movement of the year
2013 all tweets etc. era Era
we were like a lot of people who didn't
I did and it is true that I started
Being in a small group doesn't make me feel bad either.
I agree completely and perfectly
Because as I tell you, 10 have passed
years 10 years It's a lot, it seems not
but it is a decade in a decade there is
many things that you can't do
remember them as if they were yesterday but I
yes it is true that I was in a group
called Troll Command that we dedicate ourselves
to troll things like that and it was like I don't know
people were TR to troll of balls But
Well, come on, at the end I think they were
about 20 but I'm kind of out of it now
there, I mean, I wasn't there until the end or
much less in that little group but yes
There were people who were friends of that
group that was dedicated not to doing
humor but also harass people
real, that is to say, it is true that I
and he made a joke and fought me
I have to deny one thing
important before I forget uncle
before I forget okay because there is
people who are misinforming and
I honestly have to deny it, okay?
And from this please take out clips and
extracts and take out what you want is worth it
There are people who are saying that Joaqun
[ __ ] master nowadays is called hocky I don't know
why the hell is it called hocky okay there
people who believe that Joaqun is the [ __ ] master
was
parked is worth another Bull is worth
literally another hoax because of this tweet in
the one who says to follow on my other account
archi parked to see any of the
any time of those of us who were in
At the time we know very well that Joaqun did not
it was parked vale grande forocoches it was
a joke to play along with
forocoche is valid here then people
I was trying to find out who he was
Archi parked and he continued the joke
that there were people who said that Joaqun
It was arch parked because he posted this tweet or
but I understood it yesterday in fact
I think we talked about this live and
I know no because I was in the
time and I know that it was parked at the end it was known
his face, that is, his face was known and it is not
Joaqun Vale then
It is important for me to know this because man
what did archi parked parked this is
very strong very very very very strong
So it is important to deny that
This is Joaqun, okay, yes he is here.
This tet but this tet is a joke
Okay, and this is not a joke, okay. Don't do it.
pay attention to the hoaxes, don't really pay attention
case to the
hoaxes look what people are saying
Because Joaqun is also the [ __ ] master.
called Joaqun a [ __ ] who in that
then he was close to Win michu but
Nowadays for some reason I don't know
It's with, I mean, I don't know if it's with or not
He gets along but doesn't hang out with Win Michu.
and he is the editor of auron And then there is
people the editor of auron the editor of
auron
Play is the one that is parcada not it
It's curious that it doesn't get along with Win.
michu and they put him in the sack I don't know
Marius I loic that he is not parked and
All of us from that time know it is worth it
fact is what I tell you Or so today
today it is not worn, I don't know if it is worn with
Win michu doesn't take or I don't know it's been recently
I was talking about that in the in the
Ricky Eddie podcast But what is
I know that with Auron it does get along
excellently and who is its editor of the
Aurum channel Well I don't know if it continues
being Joaqun because Leoreo is also
Now the editor I don't know if they are both or
just one I don't know a lot of people in
Twitter, eh, yes, ever, really. I mean.
if anyone is watching this and ever
because of me, well, [ __ ] fell on him or
Whatever it is, I really apologize.
an idiot okay or so I apologize
And really that
I feel bad if someone really passed by
a bad time for me, I mean, I feel bad
I feel really bad, or rather
I sincerely apologize and all that but
Well, apart from that, there are other people who
He dedicated himself to laughing at people of
people and their situations and in
Twitter is worth it, so they were robbing people.
like iaisa that's what I want
speak also because everything has
emerged by
an interview that was done the other
day of a boy named Axel who does
good podcast type programs about cases
I want to recommend Axel's channel to you now.
that
we are what you have sent me
and what you have sent me is for me to do it
open
Ah okay okay okay okay let's see I'll open them
time
Okay
Eh okay Until the hour and 8 until the hour
and 8 This first
extract ok so I still have some left
half an hour of explanation
Okay, I don't care, it's okay.
When we get to the other point I will go
cutting because this is going to be several
excerpts because it was a live 2
hours in which he has said many things
Uh okay I don't know if I wanted to say something like that
what villin said Now cases and such
It's pretty good, I recommend it. Oh yes.
that I wanted to recommend to Axel and also to
Trium that Trium is a friend of mine with the
I have done some collaboration here
from Seville is a colleague who is worth doing
great videos and documentaries
very good event cases I did with
it
what was the name of this little girl who
died in Mexico
eh What was the name of the little girl who
I did the
video The youngster
decobar of with go with him about deani and
and Isa came out and named me
because she Of course She remembered that
I was in that little group and I did
Black humor Also I had an account O
be thought that now it is nothing but
before 10,000 for example followers
Before you were God, that is to say it was a lot
So that made you a lot.
a popular account and they didn't have it
followers to see auron auron in 2013 me
I think I had this you can see it in the
wea Machn in fact I think my people do
checked no Ivan Auron I think he had
like 60,000 followers 40 60,000
followers
that were not Let's see it was not you know what you
I say it was not a Random and maybe
I saw Well maybe I had 15,000 20,000 No
I know, okay, so they were famous people
So Jeremy's mom had
stayed with acquaintances
evidently people knew who
you were good he had stayed with him
main thing with which he did things
quite strong that was the reaper and
then she was part of it because she had 15,000
more or less yes yes if she would have for
there yes I know her from there more or
less
If I know her from there more or
less than 100% I mean and obviously to me
have eh contacts with some of these
people, well, it got into me too
in the garlic of this very scabrous case
what has happened
and I'm going to show you, you've probably already seen them.
because they are everywhere
but I think there are people who don't want to
read or does not want to listen I had yesterday
a video call with Ral O sea auron
Javi Oliveira and Taisa, Jeremy's mother
and the guy from the interview Axel is worth it
we were there we were on call out
of cameras was not recorded at all
nothing and it was to try to reach a
general conclusion because of course I
I say, I really haven't been and I put
the hand in let's see you have taken me out of
You really have taken all my tweets away.
Hey, what about dark humor? I mean,
something would have come out that by the way
Guys, now we will also talk about the
edits and the Faces that are being made
people that is what it means to be authentic
son of a [ __ ] or rather
make good on the Channel video
I have put the main one
eh Javi laser doubted if it was real
interview I don't even know who Leo Laser is
honestly it will be one of the channels
These, why not Sherman? Thank you very much.
Let's see, but each one has his own
credibility is fine but what a cameo no and
fakes of things that I have not posted
I'm going to load and swallow for the things that
I have put but what I have not put
No, these people are [ __ ] me.
and starts editing [ __ ] like
this is it, let's open it for a moment
to screw me but to hurt and
[ __ ] this is not good at all This is a
fake as a cathedral to start me
the refanfinfla is said to me I don't give a damn
not even but apart from that I saw this eh
in the first minute that was a fake in the
minute one I saw that this was a fake
I mean, if he's putting you
tweet views dude is fine
saying
Hey, today I was here, today the mother was here
Jeremy's and talking about the call that
you did Javi In
where where and what has he said where and
what he said
not a comma before a and finally 73
reproductions to start with would have a
Lots of quoted this If someone tells me
They find it, they start to quote it and such.
be no this is a fake do not believe the
The [ __ ] they're putting out is more than
Of course I haven't put it
nothing in the channel where it has been in the
Axel's Channel has been here again today
And what has Ramn said in summary today?
Can you tell me and keep it going?
interact even with parked you don't say
nothing and that I continue and interact even with
parked doesn't say anything that Where where
That's new now
also let's see but he did a live show
new has made a new live or or
[Music]
has he done a new live or is it
because yesterday the kid asked me for permission
to upload yesterday's live stream that
I told him to do whatever he wanted
of course he has done a new live and
Can you summarize for me what he has done?
what has
I told this lady neither did I give her anything
I didn't even make any jokes about the kid.
That is, for the love of Jesus Christ this
People, you are bigger sons of [ __ ] than I am.
10 years or the ones that you
that you are [ __ ] [ __ ] I tell you in
Seriously, eh? And from ex [ __ ] to [ __ ], I'll tell you.
I say seriously friends because I at least
I can say that I am not like that now but
You friends have a serious problem
and I tell you this very seriously. Anyway
removing this [ __ ] but look at you
because of course that
edit there are many people who are
sharing believing that it is
real But there is one
person there is a person
who has dedicated himself to catching that catch
in Paint or whatever program and
edit it, that is, imagine that person
who has in his head that he invents the
People, there is nothing worth against me
because I have not written anything about
The complaint is made, mind you, I am not
calling this woman a liar is not a possibility
has suffered what is not written has
suffered what is not written and no one
is taking it into account right now
because you only care about the meat
I matter but this woman doesn't matter to you
It's a piece of [ __ ] but they don't even care
people who are canceling themselves
They don't even care about the people who
They are canceling it. I mean, they don't do it.
because they empathize with women or whatever
be okay Javi investigates about Berlus
villin's friend No comments ok No
I know if they are friends today, I don't know if
They are friends today but if
I know if I know who is a friend, I don't have
I have not had any problems with him.
I did nothing at the time and I followed myself
with him we have not been colleagues
never or anything but today you know
Whose friend is he, well, imagine.
it
in
she says everything that she has said
interview is true and I have done it all
I have seen with my own eyes everything that
She says that what happens is that
It's been 10 years and it's been
making a mess I made black humor yes
It was a big account and I did know
said one of the people who by the way
was parked
Hey, you've also accused me of that
I was parked not parked is a boy
that in fact yesterday those from forocoches
have been found and had to be closed
social networks parked is a person
totally apart What happens is that it was
yesterday the networks had to be closed
social yesterday had to be closed
social networks illa ours for that
so
on the internet okay okay I'm not
parked nor have I ever been parked is
a separate person let's see please
the complaint that he filed because this
woman filed a complaint but they didn't give it to me
He put me, I never received anything
because there was nothing, no tweet
mine I never I the only complaint that
I received in my life and it seems like a meme but it's not
This meme is the only complaint I received in
2013 was Dallas vale Dallas me
reported in 2013 This I do know this
Yes, she told me. Well, she and he.
I believe I believe Well I think that in fact this is it
They didn't talk in the video they made
you didn't know no no it's new no that I
I had to go, I remember, we had to
Hey, I'm going to ask you something because
we are at full speed man we are at full speed and no
We give more of everything you find
please give shorts and tiktok of the
My live from yesterday, bits of the live
mine from yesterday please send it to me
send it to Ivn or Karime for
upload it I also agree that we are not
that we are able to cope with extracts and shorts
to upload it I also value everything that
be short, that is, you can upload everything to your guy
whatever you want, mine, but leave me
that I upload it too It's worth it until
manresa to to to to process all that or that is
Yes, Dallas did report me, but it's just that
Apart from Dallas, no one else reported me.
okay And I think we already talked about it too
in the video and such. I mean, no one to me.
He denounced me more And it's more
I'm going to look for something I want
You see because since we are here, let's go
put Well, all that all the tests
Now let's see
the complaint is OK and we are going to review the
names that appear there and let's see if the one appears
mine, which I can already tell you is not A
see I'm going to look for a video Also the
link to a video because I want you to
See it in case you haven't seen it here
I am here perhaps the other day and I say it now
Now the other day when before that
all this exploded and I already saw the video
I mean, look how it ended, eh?
look how this ended. I mean
has ended with her recognizing passing
A bad weekend is fine, but in the end
ended up throwing balls at her
recognizing their mistakes by facing up to them
you know and that's it and saying that it was a
bad person in the past and this this and
this
Ok, so this is how it ended and who has
people you were praising were left wrong
So what's up, come on, let everyone come out
talk eh I feel like insulting you
I can insult you I can insult you is a
[ __ ] [ __ ] thanks greetings Javi
Greetings, greetings. Hey, can you insult me?
everything you want through beast
okay, I mean, look at you, eh, those who have
The ones who ended up looking bad were the ones from
always but it is not possible, it is not known
It could be that way they were all
Come on, you're afraid to tell the truth.
So that you are not invited to events
I know and in the end they have turned out well
admitted his mistakes have been based
and they have been left in a bad mood with a tantrum and with
that the others had bad intentions
Well, this is karma, I was nervous.
Okay, I was nervous because I didn't understand.
nothing and maybe I didn't explain myself in the best way
shape So m what I said the other day
I'm going to withdraw everything
really okay or rather I didn't explain myself
the best way because I obviously
Of course I notice that they are accusing me of
something I didn't do and I got hot
I warmed up
and and of
I really think I didn't act as I should have.
having acted
Honestly, I didn't act well, even though I
I am innocent Of course yes no
I acted badly and that's not what I was looking for.
I want you to stay I want you to
stay with him with today's video or rather
with the Stream of
Today I'm going to pass this on for a moment and
we'll see you later
[Music]
Okay
Okay, okay, let's see the first one.
complaint I have all the pages here
I guess a lot of people have seen it but
If you haven't seen it, I'll show it to you.
basically the mother of
Jeremy in his day about people certain that
This is put aside, let's see the complaint.
we have seen it a thousand times, okay, I'm going to do it
move on a bit because I've already done this
I taught the complaint, I did not report it to
Sara is that
I know there are many people who understood me
bad yesterday as if I were saying
that the
lady who
lady was lying or that lady how she did it
I say that I was not aware of the
reality let's see what I believe what I
I think the la
lady when expressing herself in the interview
He hinted that Sara was a participant in
all of me
Do you understand, she saw it in some tweet?
she saw her in interactions with that
people added to the fact that it is the best known and
added to the fact that she put the nonsense that
was set in the era of other themes of
racism and everything and then the lady
had in mind
Sara The problem is that in the interview
and when people clipped the tweets of
the
interview what has remained of al
public no longer today but until yesterday it was
What was left was that Sara put the
those atrocities in Sara's tweets
She called her that Sara was harassing her that Sara
was reported, do you understand what it was?
for example what you are saying today
people like Anuc among others among many
others okay That was the lady's move
In fact, yesterday when I was in
In the middle of the conversation they told him
Lady, I know what you say is true.
what you experienced is true that
we were that we saw it
and that we do not stop it and we do not
We condemn that we apologize
because we should have condemned him and
having stopped those bastards but what
We did not post this tweet and that
We didn't post this other tweet. Okay.
and I think the lady mixed things up
As you know, I remembered things from here
there you know and but yes, this is it
so but I didn't write it that was the
yesterday's conversation is worth it for me
you understand she really I mean she had
I felt so helpless and I felt so helpless too
so bad for her situation though
I didn't have to, I know, I mean, I know and and
I swear and reaffirm that in this case in
concretely I had nothing to do with it because
I remember that once but that to me
I find it very funny the people who are
canceling Vin is not only the
famous streamer but the female forum members of
gossiping about the Coleando Ser forum members
because this thing about Sara is this thing about Sara
This is Sara's is
2013 But the gossip forum members in
seriously they do it with all the evil of the
world to cancel Sara because she is
Their work is their work to benefit
who want to favor But man the
gossip forum members who have posted where
I'm on vacation with my family
position where
I live where I used to live, they put where I used to live
Okay, look, now I can put it on.
I care to put it now because I no longer
I live there obviously. Now I do.
I can
put
Look, gossiping forum friend
imagine whose imagine whose
Okay
[Music]
eh No
olive tree I don't live well This olive tree
It is one of the nicknames apart from de de
dozens of nicknames that called me fat
of fat to my wife that if I gained 5 kg
If I took 10 I would have all of this.
I'm going to sue you for this
civil that I don't know if it's going to be criminal
escape the penalty, maybe he escapes
because they don't care about the civil issue
At least you'll come to the trials.
Okay, and man, I haven't told her.
These things nor was this a contest
mutual or anything like that okay No
Olive tree, I don't live on a street with
poet's name
portuense you don't need to go
looking badly at all the girls who
crosses when you take your dog out that way
nice thing you bought downtown
commercial
Hey, that pretty one you bought at the
shopping center the only person who
I knew that I had bought the dog
in a shopping center I know who it is and
I have the conversations Okay and few
people in this
moment July 17, 2019 few
people knew where I lived
I don't live on a street named after
poet from El Puerto, it's worth it, she said this.
while at the same time while at the
time is
the topic was being published
this one of the ads and the pages No
that we already talked about in the team
research there is not only one street in
Seville named after a poet from El Puerto
with the name of a poet of a poet of the
port of Santa Mara a one
white poet and her and this is from 2019
This is not from 2012 or 2013, eh? And this one
person I think has offspring
I think I sent you my shorts on Instagram Javi
face winking evil eye send it to him
Ivan please okay there is only one street
in Seville with the name of a poet from El Puerto
from Puerto Santa
Maria strong eh And she is a person to
that I helped is a person that I
I helped, huh
but then how do I
position against good not me
position in favor of what they wanted
that I position myself Well, take forum members in
in co the usual if it is the
same pattern of gossiping forum members
are responsible for doing these
things why this lady knew which
was my
street no no gorgona the complaint baf it
What happens is that things don't work out for him.
importance and they got nowhere
But why the first thing, why that?
lady knew my street and the second thing for
you have to put it in the forum
gossiping about that it is a forum that is
is dedicated to calling on the phone to the
people's works published
photographs of my former boss when
I worked in the
factory how strong eh how strong and
above not above are bimas
you know uncle we told marked in the
in person in person like What are you doing
doing like this is no longer funny
It's one thing to go and fight with
random Twitter people post things like that
phone numbers make jokes about
dark humor but this doesn't suit me anymore
It seemed funny at the time and I remember
I have that memory of having said it but
Likewise, I felt very bad yesterday.
all of her and she said that she is already there
the subject is settled, the subject is over
He doesn't want to know anything about this topic anymore.
and that's it, they also found the
guilty and and and little else but But she
keep thinking that I could have done something
had to do with it I still say no and
In the end it is something that will always remain
in the air Because I really I
I will always always always keep And look
that it didn't cost me anything yesterday
truth to say also in private Forgive me
which by the way before moving on to
next topic there are no more channels
only streamers who get along with
These forum members
okay but that
There are also channels of these that
They shoot at Dallas and me and other channels
obsessed with me who also know
they carry on with this
people who what what you have seen that
It is certified and worth what you have
seen is of
2019 and you know how to apologize and I
I apologized Yesterday I apologized to him
that I felt like [ __ ]
Even though I had nothing to do with it
This topic made me feel like a real
garbage and I asked him
sorry because I saw all this
in front of me and no I didn't do anything you know what
I tell you because if you know the
people who do these things do more and
not telling him this is wrong what you do is
stop it you know at least the people who
you know no No you can't control either
everyone
But yeah guys I mean I feel like a
[ __ ] and no no no Really I mean me
I feel like absolute garbage and
I apologized yesterday
for not having done anything that despite
that I can't apologize to him
because I have not been I feel like one
[ __ ] garbage okay And one of course one is in
internet and at that time neither or
Now I'm talking about Twitter in general.
Ok Twitter as it was the time one doesn't
knows the transcendence they can reach
to have their acts, that is, me
Of course I wasn't fully aware of that
[ __ ] and I'm going to mess with I don't know what
a person who is insulting me
because he doesn't like my tweet and we're going to go
everyone there in mass I not I for me was
fun and was unaware of the pain
that I could generate for another person
harass her and that is terrible
that is
fatal that is very bad and I
I'm telling you the truth and I don't care. I mean
yesterday a lot of people joined
people
youtuber to the funa to add more fuel to the fire
fire
[Music]
which makes me laugh a lot later
We will talk about all that subject but that
by the time it's over it's worth it by the time it's over
to talk about this which is quite a bit more
important but but we will talk today about
don't worry about everything, okay, but yes
I apologize once again
true because of how shitty it was
2013 was [ __ ] and a lot of people were
It's a piece of [ __ ] but that doesn't take away from me
less weight I was [ __ ] too
It is okay that others did it does not imply
that I didn't do it either, you know, and
I feel bad and I've never wanted to talk
about this topic because it makes me feel ashamed
I say it so clearly, I'm ashamed
it disgusts me it disgusts me
shame is not I see myself as one
[ __ ], what a piece of [ __ ] brat she was
At 21 I thought I was very cool and to
many people were the [ __ ] masters and and and it was
a brainless [ __ ] was a [ __ ]
brainless there is no more, there is no more
further
There is no more, thank God, as I said.
at the beginning of the video I never heard a F
for current things, that is, it seems to me
something from a decade ago when I was
[ __ ] in
Internet and today it's me and tomorrow it will be someone else
person because really everyone everyone
We have been very stupid at some point
of our lives guys, that is, it is very
although I also pointed out to the others
because I really
eh It's okay that I pointed out the bad deeds
but I am 100% convinced that many
people are not good people or in
some time they have not been good
people many of the people who
participate in targeted harassment
public I am very sure and I am so
safe because it happens to be several
months ago I remember that there was like a
I don't remember what his name was.
boy, he was a boy, huh?
It was an account that was dedicated to
typical to be the edg of today the
typical 16-year-old boys who are edis
On Twitter they laugh at streamers hahaha
jijiji well this one was a pain with
the subject of Nazism called me a Nazi every time
two by three or when I repeat in
My life I have been a Nazi, it was a meme, it was a
meme I have not been
Nazi I repeat it again I will be
clearing up throughout the Stream Vale
Well, this person who laughed so much at
all this turns out to be several days later
or several weeks after having said
insult me because his girlfriend came out
say that he was an abuser and that's good
He started showing all the tests all
things Look at the one who was pointing at the
people on Twitter it turns out it was a
[ __ ] abuser who hit her
host to his girlfriend at 16 years old being a
abuser is very very
very worrying
worrying Because if you are already at one
such a young age Good heavens what you
wait until I'm older but yes I mean
guys
HM I really assume eh all
responsibility eh For all everything
the harm that may have been caused and for what
idiot that was the time I assume it and
I don't hide and and and really that
I am very very very very sorry
especially for not having addressed this
topic was a long time ago when I should have
having done it for everyone eh Me
I feel bad and I feel bad that a lot
people who don't know me, eh? At least not
the person I am today sees that and
It caused him totally a rejection.
it
I understand, my goodness, I've been
receiving tweets, that is, I'm not receiving them either
much on Twitter and in fact I'm not going to
use a lot because I know that sometimes the
people just want to hurt
Wow I've been getting tweets that
Honestly, maybe I deserve it.
but what I don't
everything is wrong on discord and I haven't saved
all the
folder has never suited me
mentally and I admit it has never happened to me
sitting well I don't like being a person
public and last year I lived through the
every now and then they were also asking me
running with things The same as always
I have always fallen between some things and
others like a kind of depressive cloud
and what happened to me was very bad
Now it happens to me last year and I
I promise I'll end up in the hospital.
I promise with my hand on the
heart I mean it yesterday was
yesterday was bad eh yesterday was bad
eh luckily it happened to me now
A part of me is also calm because
Regarding Jeremy's issue, I am very
calm because I know I had nothing
to see at least in this case
in particular she tells the whole truth
It's all true, she's not a liar.
And I don't want anyone to think that she
She's lying or anything. Okay, she says everything.
the truth But it is simply confused
Okay, you're confused, it's been 10 years.
It doesn't matter, she already said today that she doesn't want to
to return to the topic being talked about more either
wants people to harass me
etc., that is, it doesn't matter and she doesn't care
Please also leave her alone, no
wants to know nothing more about It's worthless
be very
respectful what was I going to teach you now
I don't agree, yes, it's worth it
Okay, there are people like this man who don't know
find out about some [ __ ] [ __ ] Ricardo a
good hug This is a bit of it
we will always see what has happened
said of others
youtubers here This is the video of
YouTube No this is the YouTube video
which I also put in the video
of the Channel
major
something more powerful than that
we have talked Ah this is the video of
of the woman who also does the good
This video is from my WhatsApp
okay what she's been through is hard and and
I for the part that touches me and not having
Having done nothing, I feel like [ __ ].
and I feel very bad that
she remains confused and that she had
wrong Because I do think it is true
that I was doing black humor
I was with people who actually screwed me
I had been carrying on with these people that
that I was involved in all this but I
no I didn't do anything dude I didn't do anything in
this case to
at least anyway let's see this Hello Good
I wanted to clarify that because I have been
accused me of calling her a lot
I have never called this woman and she
is going to say it So I called her the
called for something
on the subject of Sara Vn
eh I'm talking about a troll command that's that
It was in 2013, I speak in general
She spoke in general that everything about
the calls were not making me feel bad
My fault was saying that it was the
this group that group I was in but it is
that each one did one thing, I was not there
doing these things with them or rather
They did this because it gave them the
real wins basically I never had
Nothing to do with it, I will always remember it too.
that everyone at that time
He was laughing at a man named
Manolon and they called him home, I didn't.
did not participate in the calls to this
Sir, because one day I did Manolon's thing
a video on the main channel of the thing
Manolon, do you remember? Manolon was one who
they made him go to they made him go to
Barcelona to the hotel
majesti created a
character that I believed that I believed
that she did the character in
Twitter or at least her name is Sara
but of course it was the name maybe
fictional not the car thing the car thing
Manolon was a man from Lora del Ro
Here in Seville and the man believed himself
that he was flirting with a girl who
She was so good that her name was Sara
Okay, it was a picture of an aunt who
I imagine it will be a TR p or something like that
No, and Manolon, excited, stayed with him.
At the hotel Mati was a man who
suddenly well his Twitter account was
He was naked, he was security, okay?
by the way sorry to the people who
offended Because the other day I used the
word security that they say it is
derogatory I didn't know it here in
Seville is used a lot by security guards.
nothing happens, okay, I didn't do it with bad intentions
intention and the move is that
Manolon, well, suddenly he said, look.
I can put my penis in a glass of milk
things like that no and and and suddenly he
They made the man go to the Maei Hotel and
there at the door of the maei hotel in
Barcelona took photos of the man
there, waiting and so on and so forth
when he saw that Sara was not going to appear
never returned
with the bad luck that he found himself
with the highway there because of the height
from Valencia there you find the
highway and didn't have 10 to pay the
highway no no money for the
highway I don't know if there were 10 or 3 or something
That's not it and he said, It's that I just
I had 10 for the trip and I spent it
in a sandwich I don't know I don't know how much
Then I couldn't pay the highway and
What I did was turn around and give myself The
half turn around and then it was done, I don't know
how many kilometers the guy went against traffic
by the
He says but he doesn't come, let's go. There he is over there.
Look for it Manolon and the video is there.
Manolon speaking to the media
saying Well but I didn't do anything wrong
I was right on my right side. I didn't hit him.
to no one because he said that they didn't have
sense or that is, and much less was I going to
to call a poor woman, that is
no no
Let's see how I could explain it to them
many people who joined together to make
eh teasing eh Not only teasing but also
eh damage because that is damage and I wanted
clarify that Sara in what is in the
calls the phone calls no
She participated in only a few tweets
Keep thinking that I put going for me
quite offensive and I shared it that way
with her at that moment when we spoke
by
phone is that guys or is it real
It was like she didn't give in, I didn't give in
this aspect only the other of course
that is absolutely right, for me it was
Much easier to say "Hey, eh"
Forgive me you know in Forgive me It is that
Also, nobody saw me, so it was
something private but I really have
witnesses, that is, I have Javier as a witness
even as a witness to Axel as a witness that
It's just that there was no way to get along
She and I agree and I feel terrible and I and
I feel bad because in the end, despite
that nothing happens
and the topic goes It's going to end for me
I feel bad that she thinks I had
something to see when I hadn't and
said yes really is that just like
I admit all the rest of the damage that is done to me.
did at the time and what they were
were tweet what she did was to
through writing
and the phone calls are many, that is
I don't know Whose they are, we could only
He is on trial and that's why he's in the news.
that many people have shared with me on
These days we almost have to
we pay that person for
threaten to show his face in
press because this was basically what
passed
Hey
Friends, I already know, Tesa, I'm not going to say it.
What are you telling me?
but I already know
and today there were people
sending me tweets about it but it's just that
no, let's see if I can find it here
hand if I find it here at hand it
I can put okay to see they are tweets of the
account of the lady fighting with the
People have been watching this since 2014, fighting
with people because with your face and your
ass we would make a horror movie
the joke is going to be expensive, fat [ __ ]
laugh when you look in the mirror
because there is plenty of reason and the
person with a favorite tragic ending
fat blood sausage
doctoral blood sausage is still hidden that I
I'll grab you, you [ __ ] old burger.
This is the account of the lady
But let's see, I don't know what it is either.
this
answering he goes this time he goes to
your [ __ ] grandmother dies of a heart attack
when I see her come home but it's that
I don't know what you're responding to either
I imagine you will be responding to
people who are touching him who are touching him
touching the moral no Then neither do I
I'm going to get into this because the la
the point is that the point is that the
water is dried
Calm down, I imagine they would be people
that they are messing with her and with
her son and that's why she answers me like that
I imagine there are a lot of people.
that happening to me too
but
M is a person who has been through a lot
bad in life I said it yesterday is a
person who has been through the worst that can happen
It can happen to any parent and
any mother and there are situations in which
life eh in the
that anything is justified
what you say and what you do even me
you understand then stop sending me
those things and such why not
is that we can't even see what
He is responding because everything is super
deleted from 10 years ago you understand me and
neither
it is not the
Well, let's see, because we have already seen
Sara recognizing what she had to do
recognize I don't think I don't think I do either
that it is necessary to give more thought to the subject
and well, I surely believe that even with
this even with this
There will be people who still within 6
months I will take it out again and within 18
months again and so constantly it is worth it
But well at least she has already given
the explanations I had to give and
So now I think that in the next one
extract Sara makes a dedication and
and has some little words, Saint James leather
a kiss Ho How would a Saint Jacob enter
Now, it's 3 in the morning.
right now it's 3 o'clock in the
tomorrow and would enter in a spectacular way
I haven't had dinner on St. James' Day right now.
well and and I'm looking forward to when
I finished the live stop but I think that
We still have quite a bit left. No Javi was missing.
The thing about the streamers Yes yes let's go let's go
Let's see what Sara has answered to everyone
those to all those streamers
youtubers who have taken advantage of the occasion in
the one they have seen on the ground is worth or
be no
have had another
moment in all these years since
They know the situation and since they know
Sara's past They have not had another
They have taken advantage of the moment to attack her
Now for God's sake let's see what
what Sara answers to
This really tastes awful to me.
No, I don't have a good body, nor do I have a good body.
I don't even have a good body or something else.
that I had been accused of seeing here the
Friend, okay, I have here just one
tweet from a friend of wismichu and
I'll look at that to put you in context and
I don't want to talk much about people who
You don't know but wism miare hate me
because two years ago I did the Ps with
Dallas literally okay I've already explained it
In the other extract I will not give it
back to the same old thing again win
Michu talks to people who have put
Much worse tweets from Wi Michu and Miad
They talk to people who have tweeted
worse, I made a Game on one of them
Over you can see it okay And he put things
infinitely worse than any there are
I have never been able to put Sara and Auron but it is
that not only are they carried out to this day
today with people who have put worse things
who put things worse than Sara is that she
have carried with
Sara is that they have taken Sara
until Sara made peace with
Dallas is fine, that is.
eh At the end a kiss Saint Jacob Many
thanks in the end this is it
how they gain attention again when
almost people I mean when it suits them
The worst thing is when they do this type of thing
of things and get into this kind of
things not like to gain repercussion and
otherwise not basically me who was not even his
friend of theirs or anything, she had
I don't know how long I haven't spoken to them.
that she hates me and they dedicate themselves to
[ __ ] me every time they can, that's why I
I would screw it up but I don't care
You know what I'm telling you, I don't care about these
two is that today the truth is I believe
that does not matter to
nobody literally and they continue eh or rather but and
They continue and continue as if in spite of
that they see that no uncle that does not do
Little is happening that I didn't even mention it.
because I'm not going to comment anything about her
eh Unless it's something like that
viral room some important news or
whatever but recently they sent me
some tweets from miare in which again
I was going to give a talk somewhere
talking about gender violence that already
We know where everything is going to go and
keep going uncle and they have passed Well I don't know the
years that have passed I don't even know the years
that have really happened and will continue or
I think that I think that it is already because
life eh the Dallas video will be epic
The Dallas video is going to be brutal.
brutal yes
EITHER
yes yes it will continue all your life and such
and and and and the only goal they are going to
have in life is Dallas and they believe
because Claro is no longer the objective that you
have And that you do not forgive and that you have
resentment or whatever it is, it is already that you are
convinced that you have that dream
that platonic illusion or whatever it is
that at some point in the
life they are going to cancel Dallas and they are going to
believe that Dallas is an abuser and they go
to believe that d is a pedophile we are not
This was already attempted in 2017
It was about to sneak in. It even got there.
in case Dallas sat in a
bench but really already in 2023 with
Everything denied is with the
credibility that this whole group has and
to all those who have dragged So that
continue to have the illusion today
that I am truly who I am today
I've seen things
how to get along with people who
has made the documentary about Arrosito Uncle
That is the level that there are many things that
I haven't made videos anymore because look no
I want them to be with me
account of the cantillo and with the account of the
another every day insulting me defaming
slander that in ca they deny the accounts
That is something I will tell you later.
next year when the trials are over
when things happen Well when
Whether the trials take place or not, there are times
that you know but it's like uncle that you don't go
go out and they keep going and going and going uncle to
today and all this Or all done
against Sara and against Auron is because not
helped them sink
Dallas which is not even to say that
Auron and Villin have started to do it
videos against wismichu or videos in
against me No, it's not because they
They wanted them to join against them
fight the dream that they have to the
The dream they have is that they are
very popular and very loved and of the
sunk abuser or pedophile and is not going to
It's not going to happen
pass
Eh, a lot of little talk about the
people change you have not changed
It's [ __ ] [ __ ], you continue with the same topic
from 10 [ __ ] years ago with Dallas
Hey, you start harassing people in
Twitter what a [ __ ] shame dude
s nanc you are you are s
Nan, what disgusting guys
true that is not changing friends themselves
behaviors from years ago continue to follow him
having it now they still have it now
Well, this is what I'm going to teach you.
It's from a little friend that I suppose they
They'll send her to do dirty things, you know.
that they don't want to do either
because
Of course this account to see everyone
Get to know Play show that you are for
he
chat do you remember a video Oh It was one
Of the Char Rulet videos, one of the
I don't remember friends who go out with him
which is what he said exactly in that
video It was one of these videos of
char roulette that
rular well then one of the friends of
Win michu who comes out with en charu ha
posted a tweet that Win michu has
retweeted I read the curious tweet that
by
regret for what you have done or
said about someone in the past
you prefer to go apologize to a certain
YouTuber before the mother of a child
missing makes you think and me and Win
Michu now believes that this
retweet This is a good idea man
uncle
jav strainer uncle good
Nauf sometimes helps me with the
video titles are domain
public known because he is a fan of this
channel is very hater of Dallas but is a fan of
This channel
But I have tried to bring it to the side
well but there is no way but
listen to me revolve around you all my life
Dallas dude or whatever But they themselves don't know
They see that they look bad Even if they believe
Even if they have what they have
personally his moves and his
stories of what they think and
But damn, showing it in front of the
public uncle is not left
good
Eh This is something that I had eh that I
They published a tweet from Sar Villin where
share the news about the harassment he received
Jeremy Vargas's mother and a
second tet confirming no freedom of
expression we can have this is
cropped was a This is to start
edited
eh it was a response to another person and the
news speaks about comedians
I used to write black humor in my obituaries and we
We laughed. Well, that's all kinds of things.
savagery of the Dead such And here it says O
It doesn't even look good but it said
people like well said several people
But here, as far as I know, there was no talk of
This particular case speaks of the
obituary humorists who laugh at
people who have died and things like that that I
know yes that stop saying that this is
but apart from this capture
It is edited look at this capture but
if you don't have to be a genius either
from Twitter to know that this capture
It's edited here, it looks like a
answer ranu ranucci You see Ni
freedom of expression we can have and
a tweet is missing in the middle a thread is missing
the tweet you are replying to is missing
This screenshot is badly edited
intention of where this capture comes from
Nafay Who sends it to you so that you
you put that last year to nafay
eh again he also put things of the m
Jeremy's mother and others who already
They would have put that up, who knows?
what Because I don't know why suddenly or
they put the same captures as the
cprg graph
this in short and I told her aunt I understand that
You put it on, uncle, I have audios of the
same people telling me twi teas made you
that I was an idiot because I was
I was a fool and I let myself be because there
It's my fault but I know myself
mod
you say that it is me facing the trial
I can't put anything because it's supposed to
I do not enter into the conflict because I do not
I know what Because I don't know how much is supposed to
I'm not saying anything, please retweet.
I have that and you can't do it for me.
deny because I have the other thing or rather because
Please, that's what happens when you're rotten.
that people start to take things out
that neither do I really ask
Apologies again for my tweets
really I mean I apologize for my t
from 10 years ago but it's already here
Please, that's it, that's it. Let's not start now.
to take out
things That's it now
wait a moment I have
removed says something more about
they
Hey
Now about Cheto and
mangel and forgive me if you see me like this
I have little that you cannot imagine how
I feel like I have a headache.
why should I act like a poor thing or anything?
But what if I'm not talking like I have?
What to talk about is that I don't feel well or
is it true my head itches
my eyes hurt once
barbarity And I think so
I sincerely deserve or
I admit that I deserve it, I deserve it
I deserve for not having apologized and
I deserve to show my face on this day
never having admitted in a way eh Tan
open that he was a piece of [ __ ] person and
that I was always excusing myself with no
It's been 10 years, but it's that the
message that should have been given is that
10 years ago it was a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
person and it's not that they take things from me of course
for 10 years I insist that everything
bad thing in life be that guys too
I tell you to take things from 10 years ago
years Okay that means I've been
doing well so far
but it hurts me, I mean, it hurts me
hurts
that yesterday many people, that is, people who
Thank God I don't care, you know or
I am nobody today but I
It hurts that knowing more than one How they are
the
Funas will participate and not only
participate, laugh and but people
In addition, he has tried to collaborate with
her and approach her and join with
her and that they would have liked today
today I will be doing Stream with
she were
enjoying myself, cancel someone, I'm not going to
give not even my opinion or rather I think
I never give my opinion when they cancel
or if someone is found out, I don't give a damn.
completely I am 31 years old I am not
I am not in a position to fight or to fight.
to add fuel to the fire and you have to
have a little decency when a
person is insulting her all God for
some misunderstandings or because I have not
apologized or for whatever reason
have each one because each one is a
There are people in the world who pull me just for pulling me
other people you know what I'm telling you eh
you guys start throwing [ __ ] too
It's that you are disgusting people, I mean
is
that you are disgusting or is it true?
you are what you point out about others, not
You have changed neither in 10 nor in nine nor
in eight and I will not change my life and so you
It seems that no one remembers you at all.
that I named myself total truth
In total they have taken advantage of this to jump to
arena
total the final combat versus auron
versus wis
micho The fight would be good no but
I hope they do it with boseo gloves
and not with bottles we are going to talk about one
lie And that hurts me in the soul Eh
This hurts me in the
My soul accused me yesterday and I don't know why
what got into the poor mangel in the
topic ok eh Cheto out of nowhere put a
tweet says saying this is for mangel
by the phone number that
They leaked, I don't forget something like that, I don't know.
What did that guy put? Well, something like that.
eh Cheto Cheto every time he gets into
a controversy is a ridiculous thing
impressive musical note notes
musicals is the endless cycle of face of
lion musical note
notes life those people are going to continue for
all life is worth it
la la Cheto uncle I remember when
I had a fight with him two or three years ago
years do you remember that he started insulting me
out of nowhere you remember that when I was there
on the beach where I did a live stream and
then he put a twi there you can see the
t that are the t asking me for forgiveness
then he had to pull down his pants
Well, but you know what he did besides?
Cheto, I don't know if I told it.
Hey, when Cheto comes, because these people are
They are all a group of cowards, that is
For me they are a group of cowards when
you have to say something you say it with
two balls, that is, you take and And if you have
to grab someone and tell them four
You say things with two balls, okay? And
These people when they crush you and when
they grow on you and when they come
up there they are like eh I mean Cheto and
to Cheto's little group, eh? I'm not referring to
No one else when they want to crush you
They behave like high school bullies
when they see themselves protected by much more
no And this happened to me On one occasion
with Telmo, Isaac Corrales, that one
that many of you won't even know because they are
nobodies who are just famous
by sea to one and to another and some by
falsify their accounts on networks and make them
believe brands that have followers
really there is one that has this
for a gameover that I will do because
I have all your stories from the
account for friends on Instagram of the
stories for friends these are from
Instagram and I'm going to post it because the
uncle makes companies believe that
has real followers and then
He even boasts that he collaborates with
you mark a small group that are jewels and are
to get on top they start to get in
with people because if on top of that they don't
They mess with no one. Their things don't come out but
They're not going to come out. And to me. On one occasion,
They threw [ __ ] at Isaac Corrales
Isaac Corrales and Telmo joined them.
along with Win michu along with I don't know about
Damn, if you have something to tell me
tell me one by one, not one by one or
upload here to a live with me upload
Here I answer not to expose myself
Bad that I am, whoever wants to come up here
and exp put it on me no
and when Cheto was insulting me
that he insulted me for free is okay
eh, a few joined as it couldn't be done
be otherwise, that is to say, the guy, I don't
had never disrespected Cheto and
He started insulting me to my face. Okay, and
take and joined Isaac Corrale Yes
because I already told you once you are a
shitty person Isaac you are a fake
ally you are garbage but you are a
complete garbage that if you have not taken
still a gameover is because you don't
know nisu but nisu you are just a
uncle who was in the time of the vines
This was like the ti in ancient times
a decade ago but you've eaten his
balls to all kinks to try to be
famous I don't know how many times in your entire
life and you have not achieved anything. That is, you have not
achieved nothing and you are just a
jealous as hell But you are a
garbage and I have it here prepared for the
moment in which if you ever have the
You will find minimal relevance to me
same as you did when I wasn't
so well known for joining in on the [ __ ]
with your little friend as soon as you have
I will do it to Telmo. Soon he will
I have Game Over planned but I have it
that I have to organize things
It's not like it's that relevant either, but
at the slightest thing that is a little relevant to me
you will have Don't worry okay but garbage
garbage Well then Cheto took it and
He said he had to apologize to me
Obviously I challenged him to come
debate with me that I should upload I don't know what I
I was on the beach I was in Marbella the
He is not on vacation at the moment and I told him
Well I don't know what it is that in what
It was left but Cheto spoke to me privately
Win's bad name, Michu spoke badly of Win to me.
michu by private Okay
and
I can't believe how much pain a person has
mother in an interview W was able to achieve
that the poor man was being talked about with this
only harms itself
I don't understand Veronica much about it
what do you mean but basically this is
like the Marta el castillo when I
they did what Marta del Castillo did
Like man, you're going to use this as a weapon.
against me you are going to take advantage of this
try to throw me again to throw him
to Dalas in short that Cheto had to me
post a few tweets apologizing that
I made him put it on, but well, in private.
Alwin Michu made me green and I have this.
If you deny it, I have it, but in private.
He gave Win Michu a hard time because I
I said what's wrong with you that you have to
insult to please your little friends
and he said to me, but if I don't know what to this one,
I don't know how much this one if I like this one
I to this the only thing we have done is
mutual collaboration that this is business
He takes me to his silence and I bring him
Well, I don't know if it was the internet or not.
what Cheto would have at that moment
Okay
And in this world since I am
here in this internet thing and and of the
numbers and so on, what there is is pure
falsehood and people who are moving around
the interest is better for some and better for others
It comes out worse, no, and Cheto the next day
That already happened, I don't know what it's worth, it made me see
Darwin michu By private message if you need it
denies the search. Okay and on the day
next he says to me uncle you you you you delete
all the fight we had yesterday and
I say, why would I delete it? Let's see.
why the hell would I delete something?
in which you were left looking like an [ __ ].
you know and apart from that I had made videos
in juno and the whole thing says don't me
says no no you you erase erase that F you don't
Even Elisa Corrales got involved and I
That looks cute and that's what I'm going to do.
affect me that a tweet is posted to me
like everything with potatoes one by one the one who
whoever wants it and from here it will
I say February 6, 2023 Whoever wants
whoever has a problem with me and the
whoever wants to farm should stop joining
to mobs and to feel strong when
It is in small groups that come here in
directly with me whoever wants one
one who wants to give me a [ __ ]
everyone guess who spoke to
Angel Who went yesterday to ask him
I quickly went to read that and said the
First Wow because I don't know about that
I remembered and went straight to talk
with mangel and ask him
Mangel, I don't remember, Mangel, eh, I do.
I'm so sorry I was an [ __ ] 10 years ago
years, that is, I'm still with him, that is, everything
Cool with him, you know, I mean, I really like him.
Mangel and I didn't have that memory in my
head I apologized now nothing O
The first thing I do is ask him
Hey, I apologize and he said, "No, it's not."
I'm going to
I'm not going to teach it because
In the end, it's a conversation, eh?
privately Angel has also written to me
written the Bible but the first one tells me
surprised with all this It's me without ven
to the point Cheto has gotten me into something
You know like he's basically
Angel doesn't want to know anything about this, okay?
leave him alone I mean don't put him in it I mean
Mangel is with his things, he is a being of
light leave him alone because he has nothing to do with it
With this not even Mangel himself knew
you know or so and in fact he told me Who is
had been or rather he remembered that there was
been the other one of the gang not even
Me, but just in case, I apologize
I have arranged with him and Angel
fixed and it was Cheto who put that in
as an excuse that he hates me because he already
You know that this gentleman has been here since
I started being a streamer by touching my dick
insulting me by calling me a friend is born to me
that you were at that time you were
at that time and I remember that you followed me
in the account that they suspended me or not
No, it's not that Cheto participated in all of them.
Yesterday a lot of tweets came out from the
I'm going to dedicate Cheto and Felipe to you.
Now a separate extract is worth from Felipe
60 we have to dedicate an extract
apart from remembering all his tweets it's worth it
Yes yes you were you were you were you and no
not only that but yesterday a lot of people came out
to say host but Cheto if you were
on Skype calls with all these people
the one you said had leaked the
Exact Angel number, exactly, friend, say that
that you don't like me or that you're angry with me or
whatever but don't lie or put anyone in
third parties eh because it was filthy false
It was filthy you did it was filthy
I speak and I'm not going to talk about it again.
this person in my life stops stops stops
for for for for right now we are
about to arrive at
447,000 subscribers on Javi Oliveira
channel
main thing absolutely let go of what
you are making me release what you are
doing if you are on the PC open another
tab and if you are on mobile you go down
live for a moment subscribe to everything
the world to Javi
Oliveira check the subscription and everything
the world right now
subscribe, I don't care if it hurts you
finger if the flame hurts you what
subscribe now all the time
world I want in this
let's get straight to it
447,000 subscribers to Javi Oliveira
Okay, I'm going to see Javi, the little guy that is
This Javi the
Little guy, he's still missing 600, but oh well.
subscribe, you little brat
also and the salseria that I don't know if I'm going to
upload something about the topic
I don't know if I'm going to upload anything at the salsera
Then I look
Okay, so it disgusts me.
creates me
disgust that is being bad or being
Bad, say that you simply don't like me.
You want to insult me, you want to call me nay.
Well, call your friend too.
Felipe, we are going to see something here.
Felipe also let's see Felipe that goes a
Uncle, what am I doing, Felipe? Felipe
It's true that Felipe is the best
repulsive that you can find
Hey, let's see here and it's that taking you
Raciel, thank you very much, a kiss
huge, that is to say, being Felipe's friend
Uncle, those who get along with Felipe, anyway
I'm going to tell you what they wear
With Felipe they have no other choice but to
that are just like him there is no more
pure and simple hypocrisy that yesterday Felipe and
Today is when I don't like to throw [ __ ]
and really no, I didn't come with but I have
warmed up a little with these people
because they say so much about changing what
balls change change you Look
This friends yesterday Felipe
[Laughs]
this
No
No dude, I mean you were a Nazi yesterday, a Nazi.
water is wet there is nothing like telling a
Nazi who is a Nazi and you were in the
same time putting the same things
Long live Hitler to suck his [ __ ]
they so that you so that you so that you
trans admitted into the group Felipe
What's wrong with you Felipe is that the only thing
that you admitted to his side is Win michu
That's what you have, Felipe, what you
you have today with auron and with
Billin is that you tried to eat them.
ass to see if they transmitted to you and
end the only ones the only one that you
admitted and has made collaborations with you
Win Michu is why he is with Win Michu
and that's why you're not with
They, my goodness, uncle, I mean, it's not possible
these people are made of diamond
man, these people's faces are made of
there are no more diamonds
diamonds
uncle and all those who get together if you
Do you realize, eh, do you all realize?
Those who join together always fall in the end
by its own weight uncle
Sir, my name is Nazi, look what I wrote.
Felipe in 2013 Yes yes yes with his little friend
Seto also insulted me, look, look
Felipe and all of them among them
eh Felipe with Cheto with miare with Win
michu among all of them Yellow melow that
I don't know if the link between her will mention it
They were retweeting and liking each other yesterday.
time and really not correct me if
I'm wrong but I haven't seen any others
streamers giving balls to the funa of a
the funa
[Music]
I have been among them those who
They have gone viral and well a lot of
pedophile jokes Well this guy
has
Let's go, Felipe's teas now
Let's see, I'm going to dedicate a separate section to it.
to make the book of black humor and me
comes to point at me
buddy comes to point you out for
thank others, or even
It's because Felipe has something against
Sara That is this that is this that
Felipe did yesterday Felipe was able to do it yesterday
to have kept quiet, not interfered and that's it, but
What Felipe is doing is for
to grace the
others how disgusting
turkey how disgusting
man [ __ ] Javi the cco the progressive circus
complete it was put together without more always happens
equal
eh The same thing happened with Dallas, it always happens
the same thing, that is, this guy was accusing
to Dallas when he has tweets like that
guy is deleting tweet like a
possessed what
disgusting thanks hey thanks a lot everyone
those who leave the
or those of you who become members are welcome
remind you that if you want to collaborate with
the channel you can become a member for as little as
Just 90 cents worth, let's see if we get there.
At 3000 members it would be nice, huh?
Long live Uncle Sh, long live now I'm going to
dedicate an excerpt to Uncle Shur again
Okay, Ja Busca has paid me a visit.
the TT when I wish death to the
Dallas family Yes yes but today they are in
pride of that t
hey what is it that you are you are a bunch of
It's true, it's a small Panda. What happens is that
This is Wismichu's little friend and
And we have the equation there.
resolved
Okay, I really am going last time.
I don't want to know about these people
none of them I hope you don't come back to me
name any of you in my life
It's true that I
no problem admitting it
publicly has been a [ __ ] piece of garbage
person consumed in a dark well with
depression bad state I didn't care
[ __ ] I didn't feel or suffer, I cared
It was all [ __ ] and that's why I did what I did
That's why I went to selective places in
people that's why they say everything I did in
2013 Of course she was a [ __ ]
trash and I say it loudly she was a [ __ ]
garbage point Now
I am no longer here but you continue
being even worse because it is that
We're getting worse, how bad they've become worse
that no one my God these people really
I don't want you to be me or turn me into me
to name eh or rather it is that really
because now Ah now I'm going to get angry like me
name any of you again
I'm going to really piss you off and get you out.
We even go to what is not written and
I'm measuring myself enough now
because I'm warm eh Because it's very
ugly to do these things to others
colleagues, I have witnessed how you
God's power fell on each one of you
I have seen fall eye to this eye to this
Baltazar Thank you very much Thank you very much
watch this watch this what is
saying Eros one by one one by one
falling like dominoes
seen by your actions in
end and never ever for very good or for very
Even if I don't like you, I'm going to give you more.
[ __ ] When I already know that you are sunk
Exactly what they have done
when they saw her on the ground there
they have
uploaded when they saw her on the ground
It is when they have given him
cane and yesterday he took advantage of the fact that I was there
wound for
to stick it in
apologies achada maco Thank you very much
Here you have the key I saw very well Wow
Andy, you have it very complicated today for
choose what to edit eh Wow brutal here
You have the key, I took advantage of the fact that I was there
wound for Majo Thank you very much for the
cco subs
to people I haven't done anything to because
You'll really tell me, well, it was
with me a daughter of a [ __ ] is not the only thing that
All I did was apologize to Dallas.
in his day publicly be mature grow
be mature and say I apologize
because I've been [ __ ] to you Dallas
I have harassed you, I have created problems for you and
By the way, we're also going to talk a bit
a little bit of the subject of black humor and it
that is
What have I said these days?
I have said it these days or I have not said it
these days please alena laona to this
queen who has been
I have said it these days or I have not
said these days The only thing they have with
She is the one who has recognized him.
winu has confirmed it in his thread
The only thing they have against her is that she did
the passes with dasas on the subject of
she many
Grateful brutal uncle I want to feel your body
next to mine because my soul has no
FR time if so
brutal I want to feel your body together
to mine because my soul has no time if
I'm cold. If you want it brutal.
brutal I want to feel your body together
to mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold If you want it How have they
I'm uncle, I want to feel your body
next to mine because my soul has no
time feeling cold If you want it
How they have been left eh once again like
It will always happen to them while
go
so point is my fault is what I did And
That's why we have nothing to do with these people.
So
That's because I'm mature, basically because I'm
mature I'm 31 [ __ ] years old I'm not
to fight with people here guys no
I'm not one to fight with anyone, I'm 31.
years when I wrote all this I had
I was 21, that's when I was ready to fight and
I loved to fight and I really
agreement was to find a person who would
I insulted and spent the afternoon with my
friends insulting him and had the afternoon
made and it seemed super cool to me, I said
That's great! I already have a plan, but now everything
That doesn't suit me, quite the opposite, I have
I have known how to change when I have had to
change and it's not because of being a streamer or
I'm telling you now that I'm becoming a streamer 2.
years but it had been there for many years
Before on Twitter I could continue the same
you know but no no
people change
friends and it pisses me off that people weigh that
I say again I'm not I mean I'm not
I am defending what I put here
everything is disgusting everything is wrong but guys
that you are speaking to me in the present tense
You're saying that I'm a Nazi that
Something I clarify once again
I've never been a Nazi in my [ __ ] life
I have had fascist friends and rather me
It was all a hug Santi Muchos
thanks, ok a hug, I mean I want
clarify it because there are people who
think I was born from no no was a
Bad taste meme Yes but it was a meme of
the time and I had it I had it more
youtubers and a lot of people had it. Well
who was a twit star at the time and people
with many followers and he took that and
anyone who remembers that
time can support me and give me the reason for
that was it, that was the jungle and that was it
so that's it, but these things are for me
from Fun arm and tell me Now that I am a
bad person no no because now I don't
I am far from perfect, on the contrary
I am a person I think I am my eldest
hater, there's no need to have haters, eh?
Because I am my biggest hater, you know.
I promise I am a person who over the years
I have learned to see It puts me by
here
contextualize and thank Javi
122 auron enters his live vin se
It excites certain people who have joined
roast there is one who has not killed someone
from miracle to
see someone by miracle or that is but
you saw who all those who spoke
yesterday, well, what about
always for the same reason as why there is
one who has not killed someone
miracle or rather it is that fabric and
no mother let's let's do another one
extract I think we're going to do another one
extract with the part in which it is with
auron os
It seems But let's see I want to see likes
I'm very obsessed with the
likes I want to see
likes I want to see likes on this
direct but likes to burst I want to see
I don't know how many likes he has
direct right now I want
tuero Daniel Many thanks to Direct
This live deserves what I tell you this
live deserves at least 3000 likes
No
auron will destroy isma Look, I think that
I think I'll tell you now, now I'll tell you now
I say I want like now I tell you 3000
likes at least dude let's see the
part of auron and then I have to see
other parts eh then I have to see
other things Javi my father Well not here
No one goes to bed today until I do.
say
Hey Marius, don't try it, I'm not going to put it
no audio
I don't think yours destroyed anyone of you.
give it a like give it a like on the topic now
Now I tell you to like the topic that
now you
I comment there is a moment of the night with
more than 100,000 spectators
with more than 100,000
spectators in which auron enters the
Setup of
I saw Javi Thanks for all the gossip
nothing at all, you are so direct
Javi, I'm here eating popcorn
and everyone Hahaha All I want is
that you like everyone likes it and
Super chats, I love these gossip nights.
heart stick lollipop good superat
can super cha to be a member who
who can't, it's okay, it's okay
but at least like that the like is
free [ __ ] I mean the like is free
Okay, good night of gossip. But
yes, give it a like, give it a like to you
members who can is worth content of
quality which is content of
quality is worth it, there is a time of night
With 100,000 viewers I don't have
100,000 spectators how many do we have here?
right now 5000 is okay not bad
Many
Thank you, I really who can be
member who does it But who doesn't no
nothing happens
okay there is a moment of the night in the
that
Auron Lucia Thank you very much, hey, many
thank you very much thank you very much no
you become a member, okay, don't become one
member because it can burn because the
intention they have had
you always do it on purpose
You do it on purpose, the intention that
They have the era of deception and of sinking us if
you become a member You are going to do
burn to this
people You're going to set people on fire
trust the flowers of the Coando forum members
that we have spoken about them today, no
The forum members had a counter
how I was losing
members a
I hug you, Jorge, many, many
thanks, do you remember that from the
old school those from the time when
They had a counter to tell me how I was doing.
losing member you want to know how many
We are currently members, I tell you
Mr. Corts, thank you very much. Let's go
see by chance how many members we are
Ok, let's see by chance how many
we are now members
same
I have to work tomorrow but the gossip
Javi Tyson is winning the battle
Thank you so much
1636 we have gone down a little Because there would be
many gifts Because we reached 2000
Last month we were able to reach 2000
I ask again, haven't they renewed everything?
life ceases life eclipses Many
thanks is what it has in what it has
About the gifts, but well, let's see.
the live not at the time in which
Come on in, Auron, let's see what it is.
happens
Thank you very much Thank you very much
This moment of the internet, Lucia Muchas
thanks for giving away that member this
moment of
The internet seemed to me
impressive this moment of
internet being
laan
a kiss I don't know if you are
giving this the importance that
really
has for those who take notes
that
add a kiss
Majo this moment is very important in
the life of the gossip eh of
internet a kiss we are talking no more
only from Sara bi responding to all
the funa and all the gossip Rafael a
kiss but to auron Play sitting on his
Setup for
accompany her they say behind behind
From every great man there is a great woman
but I believe that behind every great
woman there is also a great
man the one
kiss I believe that behind every great
woman there is also a great man who
supports his wife
right now okay and I have to
tell you that yesterday I witnessed how
Auron was up to the task of not letting her down.
fall and accompany her in the call that
I didn't have to because the brown one was from
She and Auron were there yesterday for an hour and a half
that we were in the
called accompanying Sara and giving her the
hand at that moment that was was
sunken eh I mean it was sunken eh yeah
I felt so
sunk I'll buy it from you I'm not buying it from you
counting I don't have I didn't take a screenshot of the
called because I was missing a foul
It seems disrespectful but this
It happened and I experienced this separately.
from the mobile because it was a bit [ __ ]
Because I first tried to do it from the
exam year then we went to zoom
because it didn't work for Auron and Sara
the zoom didn't work either and we went to try
the call on WhatsApp and it didn't work either
and then they left, a kiss Rafael and then
They left the Setup and then they
They went to the Auron Setup to try it out and
It didn't suit him either and in the end we ended up
doing it from the mobile we were the
five gathered from the mobile here one
[ __ ] [ __ ] the truth here from the
mobile Thank you very much Mariano Many
thanks we did it from the mobile and
They in the living room were okay, so to speak
Auron was up to the task, accompanying
your partner there
completely using all the time
that he had to use supporting her
one the truth that was was eh
was was
Hey, it was, huh. You're the best, Javi, kiss.
dude you guys are the best. Okay.
let's see what happens, I have left
something is that I was talking about it now for
That's what he told you, I'm telling you to come, I don't know
If I have anything left you've been watching it
that I said Yes yes I have seen it then
and I think it's okay, really.
I think you have explained yourself very well
honest sincere and I think people
especially especially the people who you
Keep going, she is the one who appreciates you and is
Here Day after day I believe that
basically it is the one that deserved it
explanation that is to say a Random of
Twitter is for and about throwing hate
He doesn't deserve to have anything explained to him.
[ __ ] him man, [ __ ] him in the ass
but these people who are here day after day
supporting you, I think it is deserved
an explanation and don't think about it
certain things people on Twitter or the
people from wherever they go will continue
thinking what I want no longer yes yes but
And then until they harass another no but
and I already know how this works. I mean
Now it's me but tomorrow it will be someone else.
tomorrow ivai eh eh do anything you
They'll leave you alone, let's go for Ibai.
ivai son of a [ __ ] This is how they go for the
person of the already but it is not the same It is not
the same and eh it has to be a person
against which they have
something is worth it but to me what is most one of
the things that I found most interesting
mind-blowing, let's see what I'm doing
surprise Because I know what it's about
move eh It's that the people who most
The comrades who cheered the funa
They have cheered the funa no more people
Random neither nor no are people who have
tried to get closer to them
uncle
They are people who have tried to collaborate
with them approach them and be friends
of them uncle people who have given it
same as Sara's past at that time and
Now suddenly he cared about the day
and it's your turn I know it now but if
many people that's why I say many people
don't give a [ __ ] my apologies my
They don't give a [ __ ] about you for explanations
and they don't give a [ __ ] about Mrs. Ah
That does not matter to them at all if it is not
They would have worried before, it gives them
Exactly the same as
happens
[Applause]
I told you I told you this same thing I told you this same thing
I said the same thing, it's the same thing that happened to me
to me when Marta's castle happened
I put the same example again,
They are always the same modus operandi
They literally don't care, the lady gives them
It is exactly the same as a good weapon.
has come to them from Chiripa to attack
villain because his day was sworn against him
because in his day he made peace with Dala
and this was the perfect weapon for